all right. But. She was a nice mother but she was not so nice when she cried. 
Gabriel asked her whether she had had a good crossing. But she did not seem to 
be in ill humour: she had gone away laughing. He saw the darkening lands 
slipping away past him, the silent telegraph-poles passing his window swiftly 
every four seconds, the little glimmering stations, manned by a few silent 
sentries, flung by the mail behind her and twinkling for a moment in the 
darkness like fiery grains flung backwards by a runner. It would be lovely in 
bed after the sheets got a bit hot. I like it; but there is no hymn that can be 
put beside that mournful and majestic processional song, the VEXILLA REGIS of 
Venantius Fortunatus. . . . He knew where he would meet the boys: Leonard and 
O’Halloran and Nosey Flynn. 

“When did you lend him the pound?” she asked, after a pause. “I think it 
was one of those. ” 

Mr Hynes laughed. 

“Now, I ask you,” she said almost testily, “where is Julia going? Julia! 
Julia! Where are you going?” 

Julia, who had gone half way down one flight, came back and announced blandly: 

“Here’s Freddy. There are many good believers who think as you do. 

She waited on patiently, almost cheerfully, without alarm, her memories 
gradually giving place to hopes and visions of the future. But Erin, list, his 
spirit may Rise, like the Phœnix from the flames, When breaks the dawning of 
the day, 

The day that brings us Freedom’s reign. The working-man is not looking for 
fat jobs for his sons and nephews and cousins. The voice, made plaintive by 
distance and by the singer’s hoarseness, faintly illuminated the cadence of 
the air with words expressing grief: 



O, the rain falls on my heavy locks And the dew wets my skin, My babe lies 
cold. In a few seconds he opened his eyes and looked about him. When we speak 
of beauty in the second sense of the term our judgement is influenced in the 
first place by the art itself and by the form of that art. He bestowed them in 
his pockets with feigned composure and suffered the friendly teller, to whom 
his father chatted, to take his hand across the broad counter and wish him a 
brilliant career in after life. Did he bring his crocodile? Is he the shining 
light now? Well, I discovered him. “Rather! I heard him. . . . . . . . . 
I’ll say a _Hail Mary_ for you. ” 

“Right!” said Lenehan. I say, one and all,” he added with gruff charity 
and turning to Mr Power. Was that not desire? 

--I speak of normal natures, said Stephen. 

He was a fellow out of the third of grammar and, while Stephen was undressing, 
he asked Brother Michael to bring him a round of buttered toast. ” 

“That’s true,” said Mr O’Connor. “The four of us together. ” 

Mr Kernan was silent. He ordered the same again. Perhaps he prayed for the 
souls in purgatory or for the grace of a happy death or perhaps he prayed that 
God might send him back a part of the big fortune he had squandered in Cork. 
But she had no right to call him a West Briton before people, even in joke. 

Eyes, opening from the darkness of desire, eyes that dimmed the breaking east. 
His hands were trembling and his soul trembled as he heard the priest pass with 
the ciborium from communicant to communicant. An ecstasy of flight made radiant 
his eyes and wild his breath and tremulous and wild and radiant his windswept 
limbs. Farrington gazed admiringly at the plump arm which she moved very often 
and with much grace; and when, after a little time, she answered his gaze he 
admired still more her large dark brown eyes. The oblique staring expression in 
them fascinated him. He turned often from his tiresome writing to gaze out of 
the office window. Heron, however, nudged him expressively with his elbow and 
said: 

--You're a sly dog. 



MY EXCELLENT FRIEND BOMBADOS. It was Heron who had called out and, as he 
marched forward between his two attendants, he cleft the air before him with a 
thin cane in time to their steps. Patience. Can you say with certitude by whom 
the soul of your race was bartered and its elect betrayed--by the questioner or 
by the mocker? Patience. Remember Epictetus. It is probably in his character to 
ask such a question at such a moment in such a tone and to pronounce the word 
SCIENCE as a monosyllable. ” 

“Is that so?” asked Mr M’Coy. He was passing by the house. ’ But I 
think he’ll be all right. 

“But after all now,” said Mr Lyons argumentatively, “King Edward’s 
life, you know, is not the very. When the dome was thinly covered his face 
lapsed into darkness but, as he set himself to fan the fire again, his 
crouching shadow ascended the opposite wall and his face slowly re-emerged into 
light. A few young men, wearing bright blue badges in their coats, stood idle 
in the vestibule; none of them wore evening dress. He looked at it and saw that 
Wells was afraid. A shock of pale hair lay on the forehead like a ruffled 
crest: the forehead was narrow and bony and a thin hooked nose stood out 
between the close-set prominent eyes which were light and inexpressive. He let 
it rebound twice or thrice to his hand and struck it strongly and swiftly 
towards the base of the alley, exclaiming in answer to its thud: 

--Your soul! 

Stephen stood with Lynch till the score began to rise. No help! No help! He--he 
himself--his body to which he had yielded was dying. 

He had never been in Corless’s but he knew the value of the name. 

--About religion? 

--Yes, Stephen answered. On Saturday mornings when the sodality met in the 
chapel to recite the little office his place was a cushioned kneeling-desk at 
the right of the altar from which he led his wing of boys through the 
responses. MacCann went briskly to and fro among the students, talking rapidly, 
answering rebuffs and leading one after another to the table. In the inner hall 
the dean of studies stood talking to a young professor, stroking his chin 
gravely and nodding his head. I hid my books in the long grass near the ashpit 
at the end of the garden where nobody ever came and hurried along the canal 
bank. 

“‘Course he is,” said Mr Kernan, “and a damned decent Orangeman too. 

And for ages men had gazed upward as he was gazing at birds in flight. 

“One man is a plain honest man with no hunker-sliding about him. 

“I am thinking about a person long ago who used to sing that song. 

--And were you happier then? Cranly asked softly, happier than you are now, for 
instance? 

--Often happy, Stephen said, and often unhappy. How could they have done that? 

--A fat lot you know about it, Thunder! Wells said. In what style they had come 
careering along the country roads! The journey laid a magical finger on the 
genuine pulse of life and gallantly the machinery of human nerves strove to 
answer the bounding courses of the swift blue animal. Having first felt that it 
is ONE thing you feel now that it is a THING. You apprehend it as complex, 
multiple, divisible, separable, made up of its parts, the result of its parts 
and their sum, harmonious. You know that. 

Suck was a queer word. But he shook himself free of it with an effort of reason 
and continued to caress her hand. Tell me would you rob? 

--I would beg first, Stephen said. 

He spoke the verses aloud from the first lines till the music and rhythm 
suffused his mind, turning it to quiet indulgence; then copied them painfully 
to feel them the better by seeing them; then lay back on his bolster. Ireland 
is the old sow that eats her farrow. 

Davin rose from his box and went towards the players, shaking his head sadly. 
On the lonely road which leads from the Parkgate to Chapelizod he slackened his 
pace. We walked through the flaring streets, jostled by drunken men and 
bargaining women, amid the curses of labourers, the shrill litanies of 
shop-boys who stood on guard by the barrels of pigs’ cheeks, the nasal 
chanting of street-singers, who sang a _come-all-you_ about O’Donovan Rossa, 
or a ballad about the troubles in our native land. When we were making the last 
arrangements on the eve we were all vaguely excited. The room had already 
cleared and from the back room came the clatter of plates and knives. 

“I’ll tell you my opinion,” said Ignatius Gallaher, emerging after some 
time from the clouds of smoke in which he had taken refuge, “it’s a rum 
world. 

“That so, John?” 

“Yes. Of course, I don't know if you believe in man. 

--O, my dear little brothers in Christ, may it never be our lot to hear that 
language! May it never be our lot, I say! In the last day of terrible reckoning 
I pray fervently to God that not a single soul of those who are in this chapel 
today may be found among those miserable beings whom the Great Judge shall 
command to depart for ever from His sight, that not one of us may ever hear 
ringing in his ears the awful sentence of rejection: DEPART FROM ME, YE CURSED, 
INTO EVERLASTING FIRE WHICH WAS PREPARED FOR THE DEVIL AND HIS ANGELS! 

He came down the aisle of the chapel, his legs shaking and the scalp of his 
head trembling as though it had been touched by ghostly fingers. The sky was 
pale and cold but there were lights in the castle. His face was fleshy and 
pallid, touched with colour only at the thick hanging lobes of his ears and at 
the wide wings of his nose. 

“She’s a fine decent tart,” he said, with appreciation; “that’s what 
she is. “I think it was one of those. ” 

“And what way did you treat me?” asked Mrs Kearney. 

“Yes,” said Mr Cunningham. They’re all gone. Eh?. . God forgive me,” he 
added, “I thought he was the dozen of stout. He was still in the familiar 
world of the school. Why? 

He turned seaward from the road at Dollymount and as he passed on to the thin 
wooden bridge he felt the planks shaking with the tramp of heavily shod feet. 
I’m trying to get that Mr D’Arcy to sing. ” 

“Some day you will,” said Little Chandler calmly. The old man began to rake 
more cinders together. They walked forward in silence. For how miserable will 
all those pleasures seem to the soul condemned to suffer in hellfire for ages 
and ages. There was no doubt about it: if you wanted to succeed you had to go 
away. The sea was cold day and night: but it was colder at night. 

His evenings were his own; and he pored over a ragged translation of THE COUNT 
OF MONTE CRISTO. 

--To return to the lamp, he said, the feeding of it is also a nice problem. 

--Do you fear then, Cranly asked, that the God of the Roman catholics would 
strike you dead and damn you if you made a sacrilegious communion? 

--The God of the Roman catholics could do that now, Stephen said. 

--Three months, my child? 

--Longer, father. 

--To wit? said Lynch. Only sometimes, they say, he didn’t preach what was 
quite orthodox. He saw again the small white house and the garden of 
rose-bushes on the road that led to the mountains and he remembered the sadly 
proud gesture of refusal which he was to make there, standing with her in the 
moonlit garden after years of estrangement and adventure. He shook the poker 
gravely and nodded his head at the fellow out of third of grammar. He shook the 
poker gravely and nodded his head at the fellow out of third of grammar. The 
implacable faces of his employer and of the Madam stared upon his discomfiture. 

The old man opened another bottle grudgingly, and handed it to the boy. 

He tore a sheet from his scribbler and passed it down, whispering: 

--In case of necessity any layman or woman can do it. Play fair,” he said. 

“Who’s not playing fair?” said the other. Father Arnall sat at a table to 
the left of the altar. But his face was black-looking and his eyes were staring 
though his voice was so quiet. But why was he then against the priests? Because 
Dante must be right then. ” 

Mr Power stood up. But she never would be said by me. Miss Kate and Miss Julia 
were there, gossiping and laughing and fussing, walking after each other to the 
head of the stairs, peering down over the banisters and calling down to Lily to 
ask her who had come. 

A red-faced young woman, dressed in pansy, came into the room, excitedly 
clapping her hands and crying: 

“Quadrilles! Quadrilles!” 

Close on her heels came Aunt Kate, crying: 

“Two gentlemen and three ladies, Mary Jane!” 

“O, here’s Mr Bergin and Mr Kerrigan,” said Mary Jane. 

--You're a hypocrite, O'Keeffe, he said. What day of the week was it? He 
stopped at a newsagent's to read the headline of a placard. Miss Gavan would be 
glad. ” 

“All right,” said Gabriel. In my heart I thought that what he said about 
boys and sweethearts was reasonable. He looked at the circle of faces and then, 
understanding, strove to rise to his feet. 

--There's a crack of the whip left in me yet, Stephen, old chap, said Mr 
Dedalus, poking at the dull fire with fierce energy. One answered: 

--Goneboro toboro lookboro atboro aboro houseboro. Now you talk against the 
Irish informers. I tried to make him someway decent. P. _ 

The reading of the card persuaded me that he was dead and I was disturbed to 
find myself at check. Her eyes, which were grey with a shade of green through 
them, had a habit of glancing upwards when she spoke with anyone, which made 
her look like a little perverse madonna. Her bosom was as a bird's, soft and 
slight, slight and soft as the breast of some dark-plumaged dove. She had been 
told that Freddy had come and that he was nearly all right. ” But what would 
grammar matter if he really loved her? He could not make up his mind whether to 
like her or despise her for what she had done. 

“To tell you my private and candid opinion,” he said, “I think he’s a 
man from the other camp. 

--PHTH! says I to her like that, right into her eye. They are right. Maria 
superintended the distribution of the barmbrack and saw that every woman got 
her four slices. ” 

But Maria said she had brought something special for papa and mamma, something 
they would be sure to like, and she began to look for her plumcake. “You 
know, Miss Morkan, the reason they are so fond of me is----” 

He did not finish his sentence, but, seeing that Aunt Kate was out of earshot, 
at once led the three young ladies into the back room. Then they’ll make you 
Lord Mayor. 

Stephen made a vague gesture of denial. 

--Now that you have signed the petition for universal peace, said Stephen, I 
suppose you will burn that little copybook I saw in your room. 

--Give me a kiss, she said. I'm just twenty-seven years of age. 

Brother Michael repeated: 

--You'll get your walking papers. 

One fellow said: 

--They were caught near the Hill of Lyons. But all the same it was queer what 
Athy said and the way he said it. It filled me with fear, and yet I longed to 
be nearer to it and to look upon its deadly work. The old servants were quiet. 
Mr Fitzpatrick held a few banknotes in his hand. 





Gabriel could not listen while Mary Jane was playing her Academy piece, full of 
runs and difficult passages, to the hushed drawing-room. He had to confess, to 
speak out in words what he had done and thought, sin after sin. He was happy 
and free; but he would not be anyway proud with Father Dolan. His whole speech 
was a mistake from first to last, an utter failure. He approached the young 
woman and, without saluting, began at once to converse with her. Stephen sat 
down at his right and the priest at the other side of the table closed his copy 
of THE TABLET with an angry snap and stood up. The episode ended well, for both 
Heron and Wallis laughed indulgently at the irreverence. He kept on the fringe 
of his line, out of sight of his prefect, out of the reach of the rude feet, 
feigning to run now and then. That was a belt round his pocket. They could all 
have become high-up people in the world if they had not become jesuits. It was 
the sixth of October, dismal and cold out of doors. 

Heron made a poor attempt to imitate for his friend Wallis the rector's 
pedantic bass and then, laughing at his failure, asked Stephen to do it. He has 
gone round to the Adelphi to look for you and Moynihan. He suffered all the 
pangs and thrills of his friend’s situation as well as those of his own. 

The refectory was half empty and the fellows were still passing out in file. 
Who is this boy? Why is he on his knees? What is your name, boy? 

--Fleming, sir. 

--Newman, I think. Mr Dedalus uttered a guffaw of coarse scorn. She stuck her 
ugly old face up at me when she said it and I had my mouth full of tobacco 
juice. 

--I let her bawl away, said Mr Casey. 

--Hell, Temple said. They had a different father and mother. They discussed 
with one another the chances of favourites and outsiders. 

In one of the benches near the pulpit sat Mr Cunningham and Mr Kernan. HE THAT 
WILL NOT HEAR THE CHURCHA LET HIM BE TO THEEA AS THE HEATHENA AND THE 
PUBLICANA. 

The imitation was prevented by a mild expression of anger from Wallis in whose 
mouthpiece the cigarette had become too tightly wedged. 

Stephen pointed to the Tsar's photograph and said: 

--He has the face of a besotted Christ. . _ Have you studied it? What have you 
there in your pocket?” 

Everyone’s heart palpitated as Leo Dillon handed up the paper and everyone 
assumed an innocent face. Father Butler turned over the pages, frowning. But 
his face was black-looking and his eyes were staring though his voice was so 
quiet. And if the minister did it he would go to the rector: and the rector to 
the provincial: and the provincial to the general of the jesuits. It was hard 
to think what because you would have to think of them in a different way with 
different coloured coats and trousers and with beards and moustaches and 
different kinds of hats. Idle and embittering, finally, to argue, against his 
own dispassionate certitude, that the commandment of love bade us not to love 
our neighbour as ourselves with the same amount and intensity of love but to 
love him as ourselves with the same kind of love. 

He drew forth a phrase from his treasure and spoke it softly to himself: 

--A day of dappled seaborne clouds. That's all I can say, said Mr Dedalus. Like 
hell. The words of doom cried by the angel shattered in an instant his 
presumptuous peace. He went as far as the clock of the College of Surgeons: it 
was on the stroke of ten. p. ” 

“O, yes, positively,” said Little Chandler. He said he believed in the old 
saying: “All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. 

Away then: it is time to go. That's quite rightly expressed. I could easily 
catch hold of her when she comes up to my step: nobody is looking. For just and 
unjust, for saint and sinner alike, may this retreat be a memorable one. 

--Well, I hope they haven't moved the Queen's College anyhow, said Mr Dedalus, 
for I want to show it to this youngster of mine. I can find you a few in this 
college. When you have apprehended that basket as one thing and have then 
analysed it according to its form and apprehended it as a thing you make the 
only synthesis which is logically and esthetically permissible. And now she had 
nobody to protect her. 

Goggins skipped down on to the gravel and at once returned to his place with 
good humour. I'm old enough to be his grandfather. And I am a grandfather, said 
the little old man to Stephen. 

--Now what is the meaning of this word RETREAT and why is it allowed on all 
hands to be a most salutary practice for all who desire to lead before God and 
in the eyes of men a truly christian life? A retreat, my dear boys, signifies a 
withdrawal for awhile from the cares of our life, the cares of this workaday 
world, in order to examine the state of our conscience, to reflect on the 
mysteries of holy religion and to understand better why we are here in this 
world. He was in a dark part of the hall gazing up the staircase. I said he was 
terribly burned. It began to confess to me in a murmuring voice and I wondered 
why it smiled continually and why the lips were so moist with spittle. There 
were lanterns in the hall of his father's house and ropes of green branches. 
Somebody said something about the garden, and at last Mrs Donnelly said 
something very cross to one of the next-door girls and told her to throw it out 
at once: that was no play. Maria understood that it was wrong that time and so 
she had to do it over again: and this time she got the prayer-book. Joe said he 
wasn’t so bad when you knew how to take him, that he was a decent sort so 
long as you didn’t rub him the wrong way. Mrs Donnelly played the piano for 
the children and they danced and sang. 

--Sit over, she said. She brought them up to his bedroom, the air of which was 
impregnated with a personal odour, and gave them chairs at the fire. She was 
sitting beside his desk now in an aroma of perfumes, smoothing the handle of 
her umbrella and nodding the great black feather in her hat. I forgot whether I 
answered yes or no. After an intolerable delay the train moved out of the 
station slowly. Farrington’s dark wine-coloured face flushed darker still 
with anger and humiliation at having been defeated by such a stripling. There 
was something striking in her appearance. A long thin cane would have a high 
whistling sound and he wondered what was that pain like. 

“Mr D’Arcy,” she said, “what is the name of that song you were 
singing?” 

“It’s called _The Lass of Aughrim_,” said Mr D’Arcy, “but I 
couldn’t remember it properly. He stood up slowly, saying that he had to 
leave us for a minute or so, a few minutes, and, without changing the direction 
of my gaze, I saw him walking slowly away from us towards the near end of the 
field. 

Suddenly he became aware of something in the doorway. 

--Will you? said Stephen. On Saturday mornings when the sodality met in the 
chapel to recite the little office his place was a cushioned kneeling-desk at 
the right of the altar from which he led his wing of boys through the 
responses. He mounted the steps from the garden in haste, eager that some prey 
should not elude him, and forced his way through the crowd in the hall and past 
the two jesuits who stood watching the exodus and bowing and shaking hands with 
the visitors. He wrote a hymn for Maundy Thursday. He saw her urge her 
vanities, her fine dress and sash and long black stockings, and knew that he 
had yielded to them a thousand times. p. , like a good fellow. _ </p> 





Once upon a time and a very good time it was there was a moocow coming down 
along the road and this moocow that was coming down along the road met a nicens 
little boy named baby tuckoo. Had he not been dead I would have gone into the 
little dark room behind the shop to find him sitting in his arm-chair by the 
fire, nearly smothered in his great-coat. Shame covered him wholly like fine 
glowing ashes falling continually. To say it in words! His soul, stifling and 
helpless, would cease to be. What must it be, then, to bear the manifold 
tortures of hell for ever? For ever! For all eternity! Not for a year or for an 
age but for ever. He began to mimic his son’s flat accent, saying half to 
himself: _“At the chapel. It was Wells who had shouldered him into the square 
ditch the day before because he would not swop his little snuff box for Wells's 
seasoned hacking chestnut, the conqueror of forty. It is very difficult. Give 
it up, my child, for God's sake. It is dishonourable and unmanly. Give it up, 
my child, for God's sake. I'd like to see you. 

--Yes, said Cecil Thunder eagerly, and I saw him lift the pandy-bat over his 
shoulder and he's not allowed to do that. Emerald and black and russet and 
olive, it moved beneath the current, swaying and turning. The water of the 
rivulet was dark with endless drift and mirrored the high-drifting clouds. His 
body shook with a palsy of fright and in shame and rage he felt the scalding 
cry come from his throat and the scalding tears falling out of his eyes and 
down his flaming cheeks. When he reported these dialogues he aspirated the 
first letter of his name after the manner of Florentines. Then the season of 
pleasure came to an end. She regarded the pillows for a long time and the sight 
of them awakened in her mind secret amiable memories. Pray to Our Blessed Lady 
when that sin comes into your mind. She will help you, my child. She had said 
that pockets were funny things to have: and then all of a sudden she had broken 
away and had run laughing down the sloping curve of the path. Lenehan grew 
lively. He was baffled and a note of menace pierced through his voice. Yes, 
yes: that would happen very soon. 

“But, of course, that doesn’t alter the contract,” she said. I quite see 
your point. It was a mild sunny morning in the first week of June. It was a 
text which might seem to the casual observer at variance with the lofty 
morality elsewhere preached by Jesus Christ. It was queer too that you could 
not call him sir because he was a brother and had a different kind of look. 
Sometimes, however, he courted the causes of his fear. He chose the darkest and 
narrowest streets and, as he walked boldly forward, the silence that was spread 
about his footsteps troubled him, the wandering silent figures troubled him; 
and at times a sound of low fugitive laughter made him tremble like a leaf. 

O how cold and strange it was to think of that! All the dark was cold and 
strange. He prayed it too against the dark outside under the trees. How? How? 

--Father, I. . . . . . . Ah! WITHOUT A POSSIBILITY OF EVER APPROACHING NEARER. 
That's another story. I could easily catch hold of her when she comes up to my 
step: nobody is looking. Hell is Roman, like the walls of the Romans, strong 
and ugly. But what is limbo? 

--Put him back into the perambulator, Cranly, O'Keeffe called out. But why was 
he then against the priests? Because Dante must be right then. For her only one 
reparation could make up for the loss of her daughter’s honour: marriage. 

--I don't care a damn about you, Cranly, answered Temple, moving out of reach 
of the uplifted stave and pointing at Stephen. All the other masters got into 
dreadful waxes. I’m not going to eat her. ” 

“I thought you were a lady,” said Mr Holohan, walking away from her 
abruptly. The arch of its fair trailing moustache was repeated in the fair 
eyebrows looped above pleasantly astonished eyes. He had sinned mortally not 
once but many times and he knew that, while he stood in danger of eternal 
damnation for the first sin alone, by every succeeding sin he multiplied his 
guilt and his punishment. 

When Paddy Leonard called him he found that they were talking about feats of 
strength. 

--My signature is of no account, he said politely. Of course you know 
nothing,” said Mr Alleyne. But what else could she do? She appealed to the 
second tenor who said he thought she had not been well treated. ” 

Lenehan laughed again, noiselessly. The old man opened three bottles and was 
handing back the corkscrew when Mr Henchy said to the boy: 

“Would you like a drink, boy?” 

“If you please, sir,” said the boy. Mr Kernan came of Protestant stock and, 
though he had been converted to the Catholic faith at the time of his marriage, 
he had not been in the pale of the Church for twenty years. Freddy Malins 
explained to him, as best he could, that the monks were trying to make up for 
the sins committed by all the sinners in the outside world. At last she was 
settled comfortably and Freddy Malins invited Mr Browne into the cab. The 
syllables of the word _Araby_ were called to me through the silence in which my 
soul luxuriated and cast an Eastern enchantment over me. 

The train was full of fellows: a long long chocolate train with cream facings. 
He was their favourite nephew, the son of their dead elder sister, Ellen, who 
had married T. 

The moist pungent perfume lay all the way up to Mr Alleyne’s room. 
“That’ll be the most convenient place. ” 

“But we mustn’t be late,” said Mr Power earnestly, “because it is sure 
to be crammed to the doors. Then he said: 

“For the love of God, Jack, bring us a bit of coal. But the pressure of her 
fingers had been lighter and steadier: and suddenly the memory of their touch 
traversed his brain and body like an invisible wave. 

Cranly made a swift step towards Temple, halted, stamping his foot, crying as 
if to a fowl: 

--Hoosh! 

Temple moved away nimbly. In other words, the synthesis of immediate perception 
is followed by the analysis of apprehension. Amen. 

Stephen sat in the front bench of the chapel. He used to sing that song, _The 
Lass of Aughrim_. He desired till his frame shook under the strain of his 
desire and until the senses of his soul closed. They followed him in silence, 
their feet falling in soft thuds on the thickly carpeted stairs. . . . . Why 
had he married the eyes in the photograph? 

He caught himself up at the question and glanced nervously round the room. It 
was a priest-like face, priest-like in its palor, in the wide winged nose, in 
the shadowings below the eyes and along the jaws, priest-like in the lips that 
were long and bloodless and faintly smiling; and Stephen, remembering swiftly 
how he had told Cranly of all the tumults and unrest and longings in his soul, 
day after day and night by night, only to be answered by his friend's listening 
silence, would have told himself that it was the face of a guilty priest who 
heard confessions of those whom he had not power to absolve but that he felt 
again in memory the gaze of its dark womanish eyes. You have erred but you are 
always my children. It was pitch dark almost. Call me what you will. 

The homely version of his christian name on the lips of his friend had touched 
Stephen pleasantly when first heard for he was as formal in speech with others 
as they were with him. Cranly, who was still chewing the fig, answered with 
loud movements of his jaws. 

--He was like you, I fancy, said Stephen, an emotional man. I disremember if it 
was October or November. All my senses seemed to desire to veil themselves and, 
feeling that I was about to slip from them, I pressed the palms of my hands 
together until they trembled, murmuring: _“O love! O love!”_ many times. 
His eyes searched the street: there was no sign of them. While he did so he 
sang softly to himself with quaint accent and phrasing: 



'Tis youth and folly Makes young men marry, So here, my love, I'll No longer 
stay. Mr Holohan became very red and excited. He had tried to spell out the 
headline for himself though he knew already what it was for it was the last of 
the book. Of course, her father had found out the affair and had forbidden her 
to have anything to say to him. I admire you, sir. As I did so I met the gaze 
of a pair of bottle-green eyes peering at me from under a twitching forehead. 
” 

“Right you are, Crofton!” said Mr Henchy fiercely. Then a bustling little 
man with a snuffling nose and very cold ears pushed in the door. 

Mr Power, a much younger man, was employed in the Royal Irish Constabulary 
Office in Dublin Castle. There was a noise of rising and dressing and washing 
in the dormitory: a noise of clapping of hands as the prefect went up and down 
telling the fellows to look sharp. His face was very truculent, grey and 
massive, with black cavernous nostrils and circled by a scanty white fur. He 
had been a clerk in the Midland Railway, a canvasser for advertisements for 
_The Irish Times_ and for _The Freeman’s Journal_, a town traveller for a 
coal firm on commission, a private inquiry agent, a clerk in the office of the 
Sub-Sheriff and he had recently become secretary to the City Coroner. They 
followed him in silence, their feet falling in soft thuds on the thickly 
carpeted stairs. 



Wolsey died in Leicester Abbey Where the abbots buried him. 

--A nice answer, said Dante, for any man calling himself a catholic to give to 
his priest. Three days' silence in the refectory and sending us up for six and 
eight every minute. The adventure of meeting Gallaher after eight years, of 
finding himself with Gallaher in Corless’s surrounded by lights and noise, of 
listening to Gallaher’s stories and of sharing for a brief space Gallaher’s 
vagrant and triumphant life, upset the equipoise of his sensitive nature. A 
rictus of cruel malignity lit up greyly their old bony faces. He wore the white 
cloak of a marshal; his face was pale and strange; he held his hand pressed to 
his side. When he met his friends he had always a good one to tell them and he 
was always sure to be on to a good thing--that is to say, a likely horse or a 
likely _artiste_. The room had already cleared and from the back room came the 
clatter of plates and knives. His heart was brimming over with happiness. 

His tram let him down at Shelbourne Road and he steered his great body along in 
the shadow of the wall of the barracks. 

“I know that game,” he said, “and it’s a mug’s game. 

--Of course he did! said Fleming. The furniture had been hustled out through 
the front garden which was strewn with wisps of straw and rope ends and into 
the huge vans at the gate. 

Consciousness of place came ebbing back to him slowly over a vast tract of time 
unlit, unfelt, unlived. 

--But we are just now in a mental world, Stephen continued. He began to feel 
ill at ease. One by one they were all becoming shades. Stephen had been 
awaiting his father's return for there had been mutton hash that day and he 
knew that his father would make him dip his bread in the gravy. 

--Ah, it's a scandalous shame for you, Stephen, said his mother, and you'll 
live to rue the day you set your foot in that place. As a boy he had imagined 
the reins by which horses are driven as slender silken bands and it shocked him 
to feel at Stradbrooke the greasy leather of harness. It had shocked him, too, 
when he had felt for the first time beneath his tremulous fingers the brittle 
texture of a woman's stocking for, retaining nothing of all he read save that 
which seemed to him an echo or a prophecy of his own state, it was only amid 
soft-worded phrases or within rose-soft stuffs that he dared to conceive of the 
soul or body of a woman moving with tender life. 

--Then MacCann is a sulphur-yellow liar, said Lynch energetically. But in a 
moment his sadness left him and he was hotly disputing with Cranly and the two 
players who had finished their game. 

She was alone and still, gazing out to sea; and when she felt his presence and 
the worship of his eyes her eyes turned to him in quiet sufferance of his gaze, 
without shame or wantonness. 

--No. One by one the others took up the air until a full choir of voices was 
singing. Then a man from Belfast bought the field and built houses in it--not 
like their little brown houses but bright brick houses with shining roofs. 

--You should be ashamed of yourself, said Father Arnall sternly. And the time 
of dreaming Dreams is over-- As lover to lover, 

Sweetheart, I come. IVORY, IVOIRE, AVORIO, EBUR. One of the first examples that 
he had learnt in Latin had run: INDIA MITTIT EBUR; and he recalled the shrewd 
northern face of the rector who had taught him to construe the Metamorphoses of 
Ovid in a courtly English, made whimsical by the mention of porkers and 
potsherds and chines of bacon. ” 

“The Lord have mercy on his soul,” said Aunt Kate compassionately. 

“O, but I know it for a fact,” said Mr Henchy. . Could he ask the cashier 
privately for an advance? No, the cashier was no good, no damn good: he 
wouldn’t give an advance. . . . 

The thought slid like a cold shining rapier into his tender flesh: confession. 
Then he has a bloody big bowl of cabbage before him on the table and a bloody 
big spoon like a shovel. It was cruel and unfair to make him kneel in the 
middle of the class then: and Father Arnall had told them both that they might 
return to their places without making any difference between them. Call me what 
you will. 

The homely version of his christian name on the lips of his friend had touched 
Stephen pleasantly when first heard for he was as formal in speech with others 
as they were with him. You'd be afraid to open your lips. 

--Afraid? 

--Ay. 

--Yes, father? 

--Is your lazy bitch of a brother gone out yet? 

--Yes, father. “God knows we done all we could, as poor as we are--we 
wouldn’t see him want anything while he was in it. ” 

Nannie had leaned her head against the sofa-pillow and seemed about to fall 
asleep. 

“But, however that may be, I can only ask you tonight to take the will for 
the deed and to lend me your attention for a few moments while I endeavour to 
express to you in words what my feelings are on this occasion. 

“A chap. ” 

“O now, Gabriel,” said Aunt Kate, laughing, “he had a starch mill. 

Mr M’Coy tasted his whisky contentedly and shook his head with a double 
intention, saying: 

“That’s no joke, I can tell you. 

“I’m up to all their little tricks,” Corley confessed. 

He rose nimbly and went towards the door, set it ajar and said: 

--A draught is said to be a help in these matters. They cry unto the night 
their battle-name: I moan in sleep when I hear afar their whirling laughter. 
Cheer after cheer after cheer. Through Clane they drove, cheering and cheered. 
The peasant women stood at the half-doors, the men stood here and there. Their 
hands and arms trembled under the stress. An unknown solitary woman with a pale 
face walked through the room. He knew Corley would fail; he knew it was no go. 
This fellow you’re working for only wants to get some job or other. The 
evidence showed that the deceased lady, while attempting to cross the line, was 
knocked down by the engine of the ten o’clock slow train from Kingstown, 
thereby sustaining injuries of the head and right side which led to her death. 
He was telling them something about Tullabeg. ” Miss Ivors had praised the 
review. Her son-in-law brought them every year to the lakes and they used to go 
fishing. Her husband was captain of a mercantile boat plying between Dublin and 
Holland; and they had one child. 

Every morning I lay on the floor in the front parlour watching her door. QUASI 
PALMA EXALTATA SUM IN GADES ET QUASI PLANTATIO ROSAE IN JERICHO. SICUT 
CINNAMOMUM ET BALSAMUM AROMATIZANS ODOREM DEDI ET QUASI MYRRHA ELECTA DEDI 
SUAVITATEM ODORIS. 



His sin, which had covered him from the sight of God, had led him nearer to the 
refuge of sinners. It is a base consent to the promptings of our corrupt nature 
to the lower instincts, to that which is gross and beast-like; and it is also a 
turning away from the counsel of our higher nature, from all that is pure and 
holy, from the Holy God Himself. SIMILITER ATQUE SENIS BACULUS, he was, as the 
founder would have had him, like a staff in an old man's hand, to be leaned on 
in the road at nightfall or in stress of weather, to lie with a lady's nosegay 
on a garden seat, to be raised in menace. 

The dean returned to the hearth and began to stroke his chin. 

Mr Dedalus gave a snort of contempt. He brought forth a great stone jar of 
whisky from the locker and filled the decanter slowly, bending now and then to 
see how much he had poured in. Yet his anger lent nothing to the vision. And he 
remembered the day when he and Eileen had stood looking into the hotel grounds, 
watching the waiters running up a trail of bunting on the flagstaff and the fox 
terrier scampering to and fro on the sunny lawn and how, all of a sudden, she 
had broken out into a peal of laughter and had run down the sloping curve of 
the path. 

Above the flame the smoke of praise Goes up from ocean rim to rim Tell no more 
of enchanted days. He's the only man I see in this institution that has an 
individual mind. 

--Then he's not his father's son, said the little old man. 

--Oh, come now, he said. Where? Down the staircase and along the corridors or 
to his room at the end? He saw the dark. Was it true about the black dog that 
walked there at night with eyes as big as carriage-lamps? They said it was the 
ghost of a murderer. That was to kiss. ” 

“I often heard he was one of the most intellectual men in Europe,” said Mr 
Power. Gabriel glanced right and left nervously and tried to keep his good 
humour under the ordeal which was making a blush invade his forehead. She was 
standing right under the dusty fanlight and the flame of the gas lit up the 
rich bronze of her hair, which he had seen her drying at the fire a few days 
before. She hoped they would have a nice evening. She cried and threw her arms 
round his neck, saying: 

“O Bob! Bob! What am I to do? What am I to do at all?” 

She would put an end to herself, she said. The reporter called it a tragic 
death. He had been a canvasser for Wilkins, the Conservative, but when the 
Conservatives had withdrawn their man and, choosing the lesser of two evils, 
given their support to the Nationalist candidate, he had been engaged to work 
for Mr Tierney. His curious eyes rested long upon her face and on her hair: 
and, as he thought of what she must have been then, in that time of her first 
girlish beauty, a strange, friendly pity for her entered his soul. His line of 
life had not been the shortest distance between two points and for short 
periods he had been driven to live by his wits. A petticoat string dangled to 
the floor. He tried to bid his tongue speak that he might seem at ease, 
watching her as she undid her gown, noting the proud conscious movements of her 
perfumed head. He felt his shoulders shaking as he murmured: 

God bless my father and my mother and spare them to me! God bless my little 
brothers and sisters and spare them to me! God bless Dante and Uncle Charles 
and spare them to me! 



He blessed himself and climbed quickly into bed and, tucking the end of the 
nightshirt under his feet, curled himself together under the cold white sheets, 
shaking and trembling. 

On the wall of his bedroom hung an illuminated scroll, the certificate of his 
prefecture in the college of the sodality of the Blessed Virgin Mary. A voice 
at his bed said: 

--Dedalus, don't spy on us, sure you won't? 

Wells's face was there. One boot stood upright, its limp upper fallen down: the 
fellow of it lay upon its side. What doth it profit a man to gain the whole 
world if he suffer the loss of his immortal soul? Ah, my dear boys, believe me 
there is nothing in this wretched world that can make up for such a loss. But 
Wells must know the right answer for he was in third of grammar. She had tried 
to make him ridiculous before people, heckling him and staring at him with her 
rabbit’s eyes. The boat blew a long mournful whistle into the mist. 

Gabriel’s eyes, irritated by the floor, which glittered with beeswax under 
the heavy chandelier, wandered to the wall above the piano. 

“But why do you think it’s not good for children, Mr Cotter?” she asked. 
A bell beat faintly very far away. Simon Moonan told him not to because the 
prefect was looking. The fellow turned to Simon Moonan and said: 

--We all know why you speak. He had been obliged to offer an abject apology to 
Mr Alleyne for his impertinence but he knew what a hornet’s nest the office 
would be for him. The light was lowered quietly. 

“What’s that you were saying, Tom?” asked Mr M’Coy. If we must have a 
Jesus let us have a legitimate Jesus. Mass will be on Saturday morning at nine 
o'clock and general communion for the whole college. Saturday will be a free 
day. But Saturday and Sunday being free days some boys might be inclined to 
think that Monday is a free day also. He turned landward and ran towards the 
shore and, running up the sloping beach, reckless of the sharp shingle, found a 
sandy nook amid a ring of tufted sandknolls and lay down there that the peace 
and silence of the evening might still the riot of his blood. In the end he 
would give her the money and ask her had she any intention of buying Sunday’s 
dinner. 

--I have to leave a message down in George's Street, he said to his father 
quickly. Can you not combine the progressive tendency with a respect for 
punctuality? 

--That question is out of order, said Stephen. Strong farmer type. Pepper and 
salt suit. Square feet. Unkempt, grizzled beard. Probably attends coursing 
matches. His mother had worked for him as a birthday present a waistcoat of 
purple tabinet, with little foxes’ heads upon it, lined with brown satin and 
having round mulberry buttons. 

On the evening of the day on which the property was sold Stephen followed his 
father meekly about the city from bar to bar. I don’t know his name. But the 
roads must be knee-deep. He had no difficulty now in approving of the course he 
had taken. 

Stephen shook his head and smiled in his rival's flushed and mobile face, 
beaked like a bird's. Jimmy had a respect for his father’s shrewdness in 
business matters and in this case it had been his father who had first 
suggested the investment; money to be made in the motor business, pots of 
money. Moreover Ségouin had the unmistakable air of wealth. Jimmy set out to 
translate into days’ work that lordly car in which he sat. But it was his own 
fault for he frequently mistook his cards and the other men had to calculate 
his I. The life of his body, ill clad, ill fed, louse-eaten, made him close his 
eyelids in a sudden spasm of despair and in the darkness he saw the brittle 
bright bodies of lice falling from the air and turning often as they fell. It 
made you think of dark purple because the grapes were dark purple that grew in 
Greece outside houses like white temples. He turned over the flyleaf and looked 
wearily at the green round earth in the middle of the maroon clouds. She must 
get her eight guineas. . ” 

“It’s when it’s all over that you’ll miss him,” said my aunt. But 
when the restraining influence of the school was at a distance I began to 
hunger again for wild sensations, for the escape which those chronicles of 
disorder alone seemed to offer me. Always the same: and when the fellows 
stopped talking in the playroom you could hear it. Damn proofs and printers, I 
say, for a few days. I’m deuced glad, I can tell you, to get back to the old 
country. Does a fellow good, a bit of a holiday. I feel a ton better since I 
landed again in dear dirty Dublin. . . He began to cry. He desired with all his 
will not to hear or see. We cannot give ourselves, it said: we are our own. 

It was too late and we were too tired to carry out our project of visiting the 
Pigeon House. No, I never heard your voice so good as it is tonight. 

The fellows at his table stood up. First you must take your degree. It was like 
a train going in and out of tunnels and that was like the noise of the boys 
eating in the refectory when you opened and closed the flaps of the ears. He 
thought of the baldy head of the prefect of studies with the cruel no-coloured 
eyes looking at him and he heard the voice of the prefect of studies asking him 
twice what his name was. When he reached the corner of Merrion Street he took 
his stand in the shadow of a lamp and brought out one of the cigarettes which 
he had reserved and lit it. The image, it is clear, must be set between the 
mind or senses of the artist himself and the mind or senses of others. He loved 
to feel the covers and turn over the pages of newly printed books. Yes. . ” 

“That’s what ruins children,” said Mr O’Connor. ” 

“But I’ve a nice partner for you, Mr Bartell D’Arcy, the tenor. Then he 
began to roll the tobacco again meditatively and after a moment’s thought 
decided to lick the paper. They can wait. It was the sixth of October, dismal 
and cold out of doors. But O, the road there between the trees was dark! You 
would be lost in the dark. Time was to sin and to enjoy, time was to scoff at 
God and at the warnings of His holy church, time was to defy His majesty, to 
disobey His commands, to hoodwink one's fellow men, to commit sin after sin and 
to hide one's corruption from the sight of men. At the last blast the souls of 
universal humanity throng towards the valley of Jehoshaphat, rich and poor, 
gentle and simple, wise and foolish, good and wicked. 

But Joe said it didn’t matter and made her sit down by the fire. I will not 
let any gloomy moralising intrude upon us here tonight. We are in Cork, in 
Ireland. I'll never forget the first day he caught me smoking. 

--He's sick. 

--Damn this blankety blank holder, he said, taking it from his mouth and 
smiling and frowning upon it tolerantly. Lynch, recovering from his laughter, 
answered his look from his humbled eyes. The long slender flattened skull 
beneath the long pointed cap brought before Stephen's mind the image of a 
hooded reptile. He could not touch him for more than a bob--and a bob was no 
use. Eve yielded to the wiles of the archtempter. She ate the apple and gave it 
also to Adam who had not the moral courage to resist her. The light from the 
lamp opposite our door caught the white curve of her neck, lit up her hair that 
rested there and, falling, lit up the hand upon the railing. They walked 
northward with a curious feeling of disappointment in the exercise, while the 
city hung its pale globes of light above them in a haze of summer evening. 
There was to be supper, music, cards. 

The fellows were practising long shies and bowling lobs and slow twisters. He 
stood at the foot of the staircase, a foot on the lowest step, his threadbare 
soutane gathered about him for the ascent with womanish care, nodding his head 
often and repeating: 

--Not a doubt of it, Mr Hackett! Very fine! Not a doubt of it! 

In the middle of the hall the prefect of the college sodality was speaking 
earnestly, in a soft querulous voice, with a boarder. 

He looked round at the others whose faces were bent towards their plates and, 
receiving no reply, waited for a moment and said bitterly: 

--Well, my Christmas dinner has been spoiled anyhow. His tormentors set off 
towards Jones's Road, laughing and jeering at him, while he, half blinded with 
tears, stumbled on, clenching his fists madly and sobbing. It was strange that 
his mother had had no musical talent though Aunt Kate used to call her the 
brains carrier of the Morkan family. Thanks to her, Constantine was now senior 
curate in Balbrigan and, thanks to her, Gabriel himself had taken his degree in 
the Royal University. 

Stephen watched the three glasses being raised from the counter as his father 
and his two cronies drank to the memory of their past. 

--Will you tell Doyle with my best compliments that I damned his eyes? answered 
Heron. 

As they passed along the railings of Trinity College, Lenehan skipped out into 
the road and peered up at the clock. ” 

What innumerable follies laid waste my waking and sleeping thoughts after that 
evening! I wished to annihilate the tedious intervening days. “Must I have a 
candle?” 

“O yes,” said Mr Cunningham. 

“No, damn it all,” said Mr Kernan sensibly, “I draw the line there. 

“I was told to ask for the bottles. Go on yourself. That’s lively, if you 
like, when the _cocottes_ begin to let themselves loose. . . He began to cry. 
She set her white face to him, passive, like a helpless animal. Her white 
instep shone in the opening of her furry slippers and the blood glowed warmly 
behind her perfumed skin. One was in a draper’s shop in Glasgow and the other 
was clerk to a tea-merchant in Belfast. He was a suave, elderly man who 
balanced his imposing body, when at rest, upon a large silk umbrella. Blast it! 
He couldn’t finish it in time. . _ Go on! What day? _‘Hardly had the day 
dawned’. Her eyes, which were grey with a shade of green through them, had a 
habit of glancing upwards when she spoke with anyone, which made her look like 
a little perverse madonna. Still they seemed to have been rather happy then. 
They were all in different countries and the countries were in continents and 
the continents were in the world and the world was in the universe. We shall 
try to understand them fully during these few days so that we may derive from 
the understanding of them a lasting benefit to our souls. Leo Dillon was afraid 
we might meet Father Butler or someone out of the college; but Mahony asked, 
very sensibly, what would Father Butler be doing out at the Pigeon House. We 
were reassured: and I brought the first stage of the plot to an end by 
collecting sixpence from the other two, at the same time showing them my own 
sixpence. It was noon when we reached the quays and, as all the labourers 
seemed to be eating their lunches, we bought two big currant buns and sat down 
to eat them on some metal piping beside the river. Therefore when he saw Mr 
Duggan he went over to him and asked: 

“Are you in it too?” 

“Yes,” said Mr Duggan. She brought him into the drawing-room, made him sit 
down and brought out the decanter and the silver biscuit-barrel. How well she 
remembered the first time she had seen him; he was lodging in a house on the 
main road where she used to visit. Now imagine a mountain of that sand, a 
million miles high, reaching from the earth to the farthest heavens, and a 
million miles broad, extending to remotest space, and a million miles in 
thickness; and imagine such an enormous mass of countless particles of sand 
multiplied as often as there are leaves in the forest, drops of water in the 
mighty ocean, feathers on birds, scales on fish, hairs on animals, atoms in the 
vast expanse of the air: and imagine that at the end of every million years a 
little bird came to that mountain and carried away in its beak a tiny grain of 
that sand. He hurried onwards as if to overtake it. 

“These yahoos coming up here,” he said, “think they can boss the people. 
She brought them up to his bedroom, the air of which was impregnated with a 
personal odour, and gave them chairs at the fire. Her eyes gave him no sign of 
love or farewell or recognition. She believed steadily in the Sacred Heart as 
the most generally useful of all Catholic devotions and approved of the 
sacraments. Mr Dedalus rooted with the carvers at the end of the dish and said: 

--There's a tasty bit here we call the pope's nose. 

“Why isn’t it your business?” asked Mrs Kearney. Then Mr Power said, 
point blank: 

“To tell you the truth, Tom, we’re going to make a retreat. But the 
pressure of her fingers had been lighter and steadier: and suddenly the memory 
of their touch traversed his brain and body like an invisible wave. To bear 
even the sting of an insect for all eternity would be a dreadful torment. Said 
religion was not a lying-in hospital. Not true. They are heard now far away, 
hoofs that shine amid the heavy night as gems, hurrying beyond the sleeping 
fields to what journey's end--what heart?--bearing what tidings? 

APRIL 11. 

--That's all a bubble. 

--Ha! 

--For my purpose I can work on at present by the light of one or two ideas of 
Aristotle and Aquinas. In the little room downstairs we found Eliza seated in 
his arm-chair in state. His eyes shunned every encounter with the eyes of 
women. His confession became a channel for the escape of scrupulous and 
unrepented imperfections. Most people considered Lenehan a leech but, in spite 
of this reputation, his adroitness and eloquence had always prevented his 
friends from forming any general policy against him. He had a brave manner of 
coming up to a party of them in a bar and of holding himself nimbly at the 
borders of the company until he was included in a round. He would love God who 
had made and loved him. Then he recognised Freddy Malins’ laugh. The children 
of the avenue used to play together in that field--the Devines, the Waters, the 
Dunns, little Keogh the cripple, she and her brothers and sisters. 

It was too late to go upstairs to the French class. Hot stuff! Not for a pious 
chap like you, Tommy. ” 

Little Chandler said nothing until the barman returned with two glasses: then 
he touched his friend’s glass lightly and reciprocated the former toast. 

“He told me: ‘What do you think of a Lord Mayor of Dublin sending out for a 
pound of chops for his dinner? How’s that for high living?’ says he. 

In palace, cabin or in cot The Irish heart where’er it be Is bowed with 
woe--for he is gone Who would have wrought her destiny. Then he has a bloody 
big bowl of cabbage before him on the table and a bloody big spoon like a 
shovel. 

“That’s the way it begins,” said the old man. At the same moment he 
thought he saw a likeness between his father's mind and that of this smiling 
well-dressed priest: and he was aware of some desecration of the priest's 
office or of the vestry itself whose silence was now routed by loud talk and 
joking and its air pungent with the smells of the gas-jets and the grease. 

Just as they were naming their poisons who should come in but Higgins! Of 
course he had to join in with the others. 

He sang that song. I tell you. People began to look at us. She shook hands a 
moment after and, in going away, said she hoped I would do what I said. . Eh, 
give it over, Dwyer, I'm telling you, or I'll give you a stuff in the kisser 
for yourself. . . . . . . . . . I don’t say Hynes. ” 

But if, as might happen, there were some discrepancies, to admit the truth, to 
be frank and say like a man: 

“Well, I have looked into my accounts. 

“Sit down, Joe,” said Mr O’Connor, “we’re just talking about the 
Chief. Are your doubts on that point too strong? 

--I do not wish to overcome them, Stephen answered. Tell no more of enchanted 
days. 

And still you hold our longing gaze With languorous look and lavish limb! Are 
you not weary of ardent ways? Tell no more of enchanted days. You must choose 
the pure oil and you must be careful when you pour it in not to overflow it, 
not to pour in more than the funnel can hold. Only for that. 

To remember that and the white look of the lavatory made him feel cold and then 
hot. “That’ll be the most convenient place. ” 

“But we mustn’t be late,” said Mr Power earnestly, “because it is sure 
to be crammed to the doors. I mentioned Father Burke’s name. Hell is Roman, 
like the walls of the Romans, strong and ugly. But what is limbo? 

--Put him back into the perambulator, Cranly, O'Keeffe called out. I can see 
his eyes as well as well! He was standing at the end of the wall where there 
was a tree. 

--I can't understand you, said Davin. Every other order of the Church had to be 
reformed at some time or other but the Jesuit Order was never once reformed. 

Stephen, who had been listening to the unspoken speech behind the words, said 
with assumed carelessness: 

--Pascal, if I remember rightly, would not suffer his mother to kiss him as he 
feared the contact of her sex. Possibly not. 

--Then, said Cranly, you do not intend to become a protestant? 

--I said that I had lost the faith, Stephen answered, but not that I had lost 
self-respect. Dunne, railway porter, stated that as the train was about to 
start he observed a woman attempting to cross the lines. He ran towards her and 
shouted, but, before he could reach her, she was caught by the buffer of the 
engine and fell to the ground. He rolled his stockings off and put on his 
nightshirt quickly and knelt trembling at his bedside and repeated his prayers 
quickly, fearing that the gas would go down. As he did not wish their last 
interview to be troubled by the influence of their ruined confessional they met 
in a little cakeshop near the Parkgate. Then he asked one of the young men to 
move aside, and, taking hold of the decanter, filled out for himself a goodly 
measure of whisky. She had taken off her hat and cloak and was standing before 
a large swinging mirror, unhooking her waist. Mr Dedalus rooted with the 
carvers at the end of the dish and said: 

--There's a tasty bit here we call the pope's nose. But his fellow-travellers 
had never consented to overlook his origin. 

The summer holidays were near at hand when I made up my mind to break out of 
the weariness of school-life for one day at least. I wouldn't stand it. When 
you have apprehended that basket as one thing and have then analysed it 
according to its form and apprehended it as a thing you make the only synthesis 
which is logically and esthetically permissible. At first she wanted to take it 
back but when she tried it on she was delighted with it, especially with the 
make of the sleeves, and kissed him and said he was very good to think of her. 

When his hour had struck he stood up and took leave of his desk and of his 
fellow-clerks punctiliously. “How does he expect us to work for him if he 
won’t stump up?” 

“I can’t help it,” said Mr Henchy. “I expect to find the bailiffs in 
the hall when I go home. ” 

“And what way did you treat me?” asked Mrs Kearney. The blush which had 
risen to his face a few moments before was establishing itself. He had been 
coffined. He had a very good voice, poor Michael Furey. There was silence for a 
few moments. 

We blessed ourselves and came away. 

--How are you off, sir? 

--Right as the mail, Simon. 

“Well, we usually go to France or Belgium or perhaps Germany,” said Gabriel 
awkwardly. Mrs Riordan, pity the poor blind. As she passed through the doorway 
she stopped and glared into Mr Holohan’s face. He halted a few paces from her 
and said: 

“What about the song? Why does that make you cry?” 

She raised her head from her arms and dried her eyes with the back of her hand 
like a child. 

“And the _artistes_!” said Mrs Kearney. 

Then he thought for a moment and said: 

--You have a queer name, Dedalus, and I have a queer name too, Athy. 

A rogue in red and yellow dress Is knocking, knocking at the tree; And all 
around our loneliness The wind is whistling merrily. Because they had fecked 
cash out of the rector's room. 

I would be ever in that heart (O soft I knock and soft entreat her!) Where only 
peace might be my part. So she had had that romance in her life: a man had died 
for her sake. This was the end; and a faint glimmer of fear began to pierce the 
fog of his mind. 

--Sin, remember, is a twofold enormity. 

“It was a young boy I used to know,” she answered, “named Michael Furey. 
“I’d love to see Galway again. ” 

“You can go if you like,” said Gabriel coldly. 

“But, however that may be, I can only ask you tonight to take the will for 
the deed and to lend me your attention for a few moments while I endeavour to 
express to you in words what my feelings are on this occasion. The prefect was 
at the door with some boys and Simon Moonan was knotting his false sleeves. He 
had been a canvasser for Wilkins, the Conservative, but when the Conservatives 
had withdrawn their man and, choosing the lesser of two evils, given their 
support to the Nationalist candidate, he had been engaged to work for Mr 
Tierney. 

Did that explain his friend's listless silence, his harsh comments, the sudden 
intrusions of rude speech with which he had shattered so often Stephen's ardent 
wayward confessions? Stephen had forgiven freely for he had found this rudeness 
also in himself. Uncle Charles dozed in a corner of the half furnished 
uncarpeted room and near him the family portraits leaned against the wall. On 
week days he did messages between the house in Carysfort Avenue and those shops 
in the main street of the town with which the family dealt. 

--Put it that way if you like, Dixon said. It broke up violently her fair image 
and flung the fragments on all sides. He yawned again. But the same 
foreknowledge which had sickened his heart and made his legs sag suddenly as he 
raced round the park, the same intuition which had made him glance with 
mistrust at his trainer's flabby stubble-covered face as it bent heavily over 
his long stained fingers, dissipated any vision of the future. To bear even the 
sting of an insect for all eternity would be a dreadful torment. 

They had reached the canal bridge and, turning from their course, went on by 
the trees. 

--Let them leave politics alone, said Mr Casey, or the people may leave their 
church alone. Did he sign, too? 

Davin nodded and said: 

--And you, Stevie? 

Stephen shook his head. I----” 

“Light the lamp. What do you mean by having the place in darkness? Are the 
other children in bed?” 

The man sat down heavily on one of the chairs while the little boy lit the 
lamp. O why was that so? O why? 

He cowered in the shadow of the thought, abasing himself in the awe of God Who 
had made all things and all men. 

--So we must distinguish between elliptical and ellipsoidal. 

The gentlemen drank from their glasses, set the glasses again on the table and 
paused. 

He left her quickly, fearing that her intimacy might turn to jibing and wishing 
to be out of the way before she offered her ware to another, a tourist from 
England or a student of Trinity. 

The old piano plays an air, Sedate and slow and gay; She bends upon the yellow 
keys, Her head inclines this way. We banded ourselves together, some boldly, 
some in jest and some almost in fear: and of the number of these latter, the 
reluctant Indians who were afraid to seem studious or lacking in robustness, I 
was one. 

Temple bent again across Cranly, as they were passing through the doorway, and 
said in a swift whisper: 

--Do you know that he is a married man? he was a married man before they 
converted him. He said again: 

--I think there were more strangers down than last Christmas. As the husband 
was often away and the daughter out giving music lessons Mr Duffy had many 
opportunities of enjoying the lady’s society. They seemed to him a band of 
tramps, huddled together along the riverbanks, their old coats covered with 
dust and soot, stupefied by the panorama of sunset and waiting for the first 
chill of night bid them arise, shake themselves and begone. 

He waited for some moments, listening, before he too took up the air with them. 
” 

“And haven’t you your own language to keep in touch with--Irish?” asked 
Miss Ivors. Then he mumbled good-night and went out. 

Bend down your faces, Oona and Aleel. The right time now is twenty past ten. 
Yes, and it was not darkness that fell from the air. 

--Yes, do. 

For there, as in some mossy nest The wrens will divers treasures keep, I laid 
those treasures I possessed Ere that mine eyes had learned to weep. One 
answered: 

--Goneboro toboro lookboro atboro aboro houseboro. 

Still another removal! A boy named Fallon in Belvedere had often asked him with 
a silly laugh why they moved so often. He was unheeded, happy and near to the 
wild heart of life. When would he be like the fellows in poetry and rhetoric? 
They had big voices and big boots and they studied trigonometry. He leaned 
against the lamp-post and kept his gaze fixed on the 

His mind became active again. ” 

As he was in the hall I could not go into the front parlour and lie at the 
window. And everything went on beautifully until Johnny came in sight of King 
Billy’s statue: and whether he fell in love with the horse King Billy sits on 
or whether he thought he was back again in the mill, anyhow he began to walk 
round the statue. When I handed her back the mug at last she took my hand to 
draw me in over the threshold and said: 'COME IN AND STAY THE NIGHT HERE. He 
had forgotten. Face? There was no face seen. The brother's face was bent upon 
her fair rain-fragrant hair. But real adventures, I reflected, do not happen to 
people who remain at home: they must be sought abroad. During this process all 
those elements which he deemed common and insignificant fell out of the scene. 
There remained no trace of the tram itself nor of the tram-men nor of the 
horses: nor did he and she appear vividly. It made you feel so happy. Both she 
and Julia had always seemed a little proud of their serious and matronly 
sister. Her photograph stood before the pierglass. It was just as well. It will 
calm my heart. But God had promised to forgive him if he was sorry. What birds 
were they? He thought that they must be swallows who had come back from the 
south. The affair would be sure to be talked of and his employer would be 
certain to hear of it. 

As he sat at his desk in the King’s Inns he thought what changes those eight 
years had brought. I was born to be a monk. And I admit it that I am. The 
letters of the name of Dublin lay heavily upon his mind, pushing one another 
surlily hither and thither with slow boorish insistence. Then he is the 
precursor. She regarded the pillows for a long time and the sight of them 
awakened in her mind secret amiable memories. ” 

Mr Holohan pointed desperately towards the hall where the audience was clapping 
and stamping. ” 

“Well, glue or starch,” said Gabriel, “the old gentleman had a horse by 
the name of Johnny. The veins stood out on Farrington’s forehead, and the 
pallor of Weathers’ complexion changed to peony. At the first landing she 
stopped and beckoned us forward encouragingly towards the open door of the 
dead-room. God, who had long been merciful, would then be just. In this life we 
have not a very clear idea of what such a loss must be, but the damned in hell, 
for their greater torment, have a full understanding of that which they have 
lost, and understand that they have lost it through their own sins and have 
lost it for ever. 

--I have to leave a message down in George's Street, he said to his father 
quickly. 

--The affair doesn't interest me in the least, said Stephen wearily. 

--You really broke your glasses by accident, didn't you? Nasty Roche asked. I'm 
old enough to be his grandfather. And I am a grandfather, said the little old 
man to Stephen. 

--A holy saint (one of our own fathers I believe it was) was once vouchsafed a 
vision of hell. 

--Sick in your breadbasket, Fleming said, because your face looks white. A 
frightful hole he said it was. An evil smell, faint and foul as the light, 
curled upwards sluggishly out of the canisters and from the stale crusted dung. 
The women followed with keen eyes the faded blue dress which was stretched upon 
a meagre body. The personality of the artist, at first a cry or a cadence or a 
mood and then a fluid and lambent narrative, finally refines itself out of 
existence, impersonalizes itself, so to speak. The proprietor sprawled on the 
counter reading the _Herald_ and yawning. Stephen looked at his thinly clad 
mother and remembered that a few days before he had seen a mantle priced at 
twenty guineas in the windows of Barnardo's. The images of the dead were all 
strangers to him save that of uncle Charles, an image which had lately been 
fading out of memory. One got the prayer-book and the other three got the 
water; and when one of the next-door girls got the ring Mrs Donnelly shook her 
finger at the blushing girl as much as to say: _O, I know all about it!_ They 
insisted then on blindfolding Maria and leading her up to the table to see what 
she would get; and, while they were putting on the bandage, Maria laughed and 
laughed again till the tip of her nose nearly met the tip of her chin. The big 
student turned on him, frowning. O, what agony then for the miserable sinners! 
Friend is torn apart from friend, children are torn from their parents, 
husbands from their wives. 

--And yet what I have said as to the strength and quality and boundlessness of 
this fire is as nothing when compared to its intensity, an intensity which it 
has as being the instrument chosen by divine design for the punishment of soul 
and body alike. He started with delight and, keeping close to his lamp-post, 
tried to read the result in their walk. 

Rude brutal anger routed the last lingering instant of ecstasy from his soul. 
TOUCH THEM NOT, says Christ, FOR THEY ARE THE APPLE OF MY EYE. 

--And can we not love our country then? asked Mr Casey. But a man's country 
comes first. 

--I walked bang into him, said Mr Dedalus for the fourth time, just at the 
corner of the square. He came of an old and illustrious Spanish family and you 
remember that he was one of the first followers of saint Ignatius. There was 
silence for a few moments. A pale sunlight showed the yellow curtains drawn 
back, the tossed beds. His bed was very hot and his face and body were very 
hot. The book which he used for these visits was an old neglected book written 
by saint Alphonsus Liguori, with fading characters and sere foxpapered leaves. 
He laughed as he heard it for it made him think of McCann, and he saw him a 
squat figure in a shooting jacket and breeches and with a fair goatee, standing 
in the wind at Hopkins' corner, and heard him say: 

--Dedalus, you're an antisocial being, wrapped up in yourself. While they were 
speaking the noise in the hall grew louder. His arbour, as he called the 
reeking outhouse which he shared with the cat and the garden tools, served him 
also as a sounding-box: and every morning he hummed contentedly one of his 
favourite songs: O, TWINE ME A BOWER or BLUE EYES AND GOLDEN HAIR or THE GROVES 
OF BLARNEY while the grey and blue coils of smoke rose slowly from his pipe and 
vanished in the pure air. He too returned to his old life at school and all his 
novel enterprises fell to pieces. I was going to reply indignantly that we were 
not National School boys to be whipped, as he called it; but I remained silent. 

--Tell us why. 

“Well, isn’t Freddy terrible?” said Mary Jane. I quite see your point. 
Truth is beheld by the intellect which is appeased by the most satisfying 
relations of the intelligible; beauty is beheld by the imagination which is 
appeased by the most satisfying relations of the sensible. The first step in 
the direction of truth is to understand the frame and scope of the intellect 
itself, to comprehend the act itself of intellection. ” 

Mr Browne took another sip of his whisky and said, with sidling mimicry: 

“Well, you see, I’m like the famous Mrs Cassidy, who is reported to have 
said: ‘Now, Mary Grimes, if I don’t take it, make me take it, for I feel I 
want it. 

“We both believe in----” 

He hesitated for a moment. Perhaps Brother Michael would bring it back when he 
came. . . . . Did she think of leaving any dinner for me?” 

“Yes, pa. By hell, I saw that at once. 

But why in the square? You went there when you wanted to do something. 

There is no word nor any sign Can make amend-- He is a stranger to me now Who 
was my friend. Go on. For God's sake, go home. Their children, his writing, her 
household cares had not quenched all their souls’ tender fire. He was 
standing on the field; his hand was pressed to his side; his face was pale and 
strange and he wore the white cloak of a marshal. 

He listened without sympathy to his father's evocation of Cork and of scenes of 
his youth, a tale broken by sighs or draughts from his pocket flask whenever 
the image of some dead friend appeared in it or whenever the evoker remembered 
suddenly the purpose of his actual visit. Eternity! O, dread and dire word. 
Eternity! What mind of man can understand it? And remember, it is an eternity 
of pain. Even though the pains of hell were not so terrible as they are, yet 
they would become infinite, as they are destined to last for ever. It may have 
been these constant showers of snuff which gave his ancient priestly garments 
their green faded look for the red handkerchief, blackened, as it always was, 
with the snuff-stains of a week, with which he tried to brush away the fallen 
grains, was quite inefficacious. 

--O yes, Stephen said. The poor lady sang _Killarney_ in a bodiless gasping 
voice, with all the old-fashioned mannerisms of intonation and pronunciation 
which she believed lent elegance to her singing. Aunt Kate wrinkled her brows 
and made signs to the others to drop the subject. Her face, healthier than her 
sister’s, was all puckers and creases, like a shrivelled red apple, and her 
hair, braided in the same old-fashioned way, had not lost its ripe nut colour. 
One day he caught a beautiful big fish and the man in the hotel cooked it for 
their dinner. He had a big face which resembled a young ox’s face in 
expression, staring blue eyes and a grizzled moustache. He could not feel her 
near him in the darkness nor her voice touch his ear. Those venal and furtive 
loves filled him with despair. 

--And they're a very rich order, aren't they, Simon? 

--Rather. “You can never know women. ” 

“O yes, you get some good ones, I admit,” said Mr Kernan, satisfied. He was 
a Castle official only during office hours. He found it and pushed it open and 
went in. We might have had, we all had from time to time, our temptations: we 
might have, we all had, our failings. . . manufacturing that champagne for 
those fellows. 

Mr Dedalus laughed loudly. Under the dome of his tiny hat his unshaven face 
began to smile with pleasure and he was heard to murmur. The eyes were 
melancholy as those of a monkey. O what a dreadful memory will that be! In the 
lake of all-devouring flame the proud king will remember the pomps of his 
court, the wise but wicked man his libraries and instruments of research, the 
lover of artistic pleasures his marbles and pictures and other art treasures, 
he who delighted in the pleasures of the table his gorgeous feasts, his dishes 
prepared with such delicacy, his choice wines; the miser will remember his 
hoard of gold, the robber his ill-gotten wealth, the angry and revengeful and 
merciless murderers their deeds of blood and violence in which they revelled, 
the impure and adulterous the unspeakable and filthy pleasures in which they 
delighted. IN THE DARK NIGHT, ACROSS THE BLEAK WILDERNESS GUIDE US ON TO OUR 
LORD JESUS, GUIDE US HOME. 



His eyes were dimmed with tears and, looking humbly up to heaven, he wept for 
the innocence he had lost. But not there in the chapel of the college. He 
looked like some kind of an Indian when he capered round the garden, an old 
tea-cosy on his head, beating a tin with his fist and yelling: 

“Ya! yaka, yaka, yaka!” 

Everyone was incredulous when it was reported that he had a vocation for the 
priesthood. By Christ, I’ll go myself and see what they’re like. The moment 
they were through the doorway Cranly seized him rudely by the neck and shook 
him, saying: 

--You flaming floundering fool! I'll take my dying bible there isn't a bigger 
bloody ape, do you know, than you in the whole flaming bloody world! 

Temple wriggled in his grip, laughing still with sly content, while Cranly 
repeated flatly at every rude shake: 

--A flaming flaring bloody idiot! 

They crossed the weedy garden together. His body shook with a palsy of fright 
and in shame and rage he felt the scalding cry come from his throat and the 
scalding tears falling out of his eyes and down his flaming cheeks. 

The car halted before a small house on the Glasnevin road and Mr Kernan was 
helped into the house. 

My book was closed, I read no more, Watching the fire dance On the floor. 

Glynn coughed and said gently, holding back with difficulty the nervous titter 
in his voice and moving his umbrella at every word: 

--And, as you remark, if it is thus, I ask emphatically whence comes this 
thusness. 

As the old man said nothing further, the boy took the bottle and said: 
“Here’s my best respects, sir,” to Mr Henchy, drank the contents, put the 
bottle back on the table and wiped his mouth with his sleeve. 

--And thanks be to God, Johnny, said Mr Dedalus, that we lived so long and did 
so little harm. 

--I will not serve, answered Stephen. 

--And not to have any one person, Cranly said, who would be more than a friend, 
more even than the noblest and truest friend a man ever had. 

When evening had fallen he left the house, and the first touch of the damp dark 
air and the noise of the door as it closed behind him made ache again his 
conscience, lulled by prayer and tears. And just finish what you have there and 
we'll have another. 

--But that was stealing. Then I stood up abruptly. She would turn and look at 
him. Her husband called out to her: 

“And have you nothing for me, duckie?” 

“O, you! The back of my hand to you!” said Mrs Kernan tartly. Her 
husband’s great-great-grandfather had come from Leghorn. It was an oval face 
with strongly marked features. 

Then their voices ceased; they had gone. 

--I see it, said Lynch. His morning walk across the city had begun, and he 
foreknew that as he passed the sloblands of Fairview he would think of the 
cloistral silver-veined prose of Newman; that as he walked along the North 
Strand Road, glancing idly at the windows of the provision shops, he would 
recall the dark humour of Guido Cavalcanti and smile; that as he went by 
Baird's stonecutting works in Talbot Place the spirit of Ibsen would blow 
through him like a keen wind, a spirit of wayward boyish beauty; and that 
passing a grimy marine dealer's shop beyond the Liffey he would repeat the song 
by Ben Jonson which begins: 

I was not wearier where I lay. The children--two girls and a boy, conscious of 
their father’s helplessness and of their mother’s absence, began some 
horseplay with him. No notice was visible now for the shutters were up. He 
turned his olive face, equine in expression, towards Stephen, inviting him to 
speak again. 

Often he had wanted her to go and live with them; but she would have felt 
herself in the way (though Joe’s wife was ever so nice with her) and she had 
become accustomed to the life of the laundry. He stood up to put on his coat 
and waistcoat, more helpless than ever. Why could he not remember the name when 
he was told the first time? Was he not listening the first time or was it to 
make fun out of the name? The great men in the history had names like that and 
nobody made fun of them. Was she annoyed, too, about something? If she would 
only turn to him or come to him of her own accord! To take her as she was would 
be brutal. Then he wondered at the vagueness of his wonder, at the remoteness 
of his own soul from what he had hitherto imagined her sanctuary, at the frail 
hold which so many years of order and obedience had of him when once a definite 
and irrevocable act of his threatened to end for ever, in time and in eternity, 
his freedom. 

--Well, they drank that and it was found out who did it by the smell. The 
injured man said again as well as he could: 

“I’ ‘ery ‘uch o’liged to you, sir. The first tenor and the baritone 
arrived together. Look at all the factories down by the quays there, idle! Look 
at all the money there is in the country if we only worked the old industries, 
the mills, the ship-building yards and factories. It’s capital we want. 
It’s just kind of a friendly talk, you know, in a common-sense way. ” 

“But look here, John,” said Mr O’Connor. He was still discomposed by the 
girl’s bitter and sudden retort. He shook the poker gravely and nodded his 
head at the fellow out of third of grammar. Melancholy was the dominant note of 
his temperament, he thought, but it was a melancholy tempered by recurrences of 
faith and resignation and simple joy. If he could give expression to it in a 
book of poems perhaps men would listen. The bobbins are saturated in hot 
paraffin wax. A gentle kick from the tall boy in the bench behind urged Stephen 
to ask a difficult question. 

The entry of the professor was signalled by a few rounds of Kentish fire from 
the heavy boots of those students who sat on the highest tier of the gloomy 
theatre under the grey cobwebbed windows. But I wish you had not told me. He 
had no difficulty now in approving of the course he had taken. She _was_ a 
little vulgar; sometimes she said “I seen” and “If I had’ve known. At 
the pause in the chain of hands her hand had lain in his an instant, a soft 
merchandise. There was a good deal of confused talk, and then Mr Browne got 
into the cab. On! On! his heart seemed to cry. Evening would deepen above the 
sea, night fall upon the plains, dawn glimmer before the wanderer and show him 
strange fields and hills and faces. Where? 

He looked northward towards Howth. Well, I suppose we had better, what? 

--Some place that's not too dear, said Mrs Dedalus. 

--Underdone's? 

--Yes. It was not a dream from which he would wake. 

An enchantment of the heart! The night had been enchanted. He left the church. 

The rain-laden trees of the avenue evoked in him, as always, memories of the 
girls and women in the plays of Gerhart Hauptmann; and the memory of their pale 
sorrows and the fragrance falling from the wet branches mingled in a mood of 
quiet joy. 

He had a quiet toneless voice and urbane manners and on a finger of his plump 
clean hand he displayed at moments a signet ring. He’s a spy of Colgan’s, 
if you ask me. ” 

Mr Power was careful to explain to her that he was not responsible, that he had 
come on the scene by the merest accident. “Bartell D’Arcy and Miss 
O’Callaghan aren’t gone yet. ” 

“Someone is fooling at the piano anyhow,” said Gabriel. Tiresome old 
red-nosed imbecile! 

It was late when I fell asleep. Though I was angry with old Cotter for alluding 
to me as a child, I puzzled my head to extract meaning from his unfinished 
sentences. In the dark of my room I imagined that I saw again the heavy grey 
face of the paralytic. He passed unchallenged among the docks and along the 
quays wondering at the multitude of corks that lay bobbing on the surface of 
the water in a thick yellow scum, at the crowds of quay porters and the 
rumbling carts and the ill-dressed bearded policeman. He was very delicate. And 
at every step he feared that he had already died, that his soul had been 
wrenched forth of the sheath of his body, that he was plunging headlong through 
space. 

Mr Dedalus covered the dish and began to eat hungrily. 

No sound of strife disturb his sleep! Calmly he rests: no human pain Or high 
ambition spurs him now The peaks of glory to attain. Father Arnall sat at a 
table to the left of the altar. He wore about his shoulders a heavy cloak; his 
pale face was drawn and his voice broken with rheum. ” 

“Good idea,” said Mr Power. ” 

“What?” said Mr Kernan. . . . . But tell me something about yourself. “I 
heard something. ” 

“It’s a very nice air,” said Mary Jane. His face was heated. 

As he watched this swaying form and tried to read for himself the legend of the 
priest's mocking smile there came into Stephen's memory a saying which he had 
heard from his father before he had been sent to Clongowes, that you could 
always tell a jesuit by the style of his clothes. While he had been full of 
memories of their secret life together, full of tenderness and joy and desire, 
she had been comparing him in her mind with another. 

At certain instants her eyes seemed about to trust him but he had waited in 
vain. 

“What do you think of that, Crofton?” cried Mr Henchy. 

--And here's the wiseacre, said Temple. It made him feel his head very big. 

“And why can’t you?” I asked. 

Moynihan, on his way to the table, said in Stephen's ear: 

--MacCann is in tiptop form. 

“Well, you know,” said Mr M’Coy, “isn’t the photograph wonderful when 
you come to think of it?” 

“O, of course,” said Mr Power, “great minds can see things. Come, my 
beloved, where I may Speak to your heart. 







XXXIII 

Now, O now, in this brown land Where Love did so sweet music make We two shall 
wander, hand in hand, Forbearing for old friendship' sake, Nor grieve because 
our love was gay Which now is ended in this way. 

“Half-seven at M’Auley’s be it!” 

There was a short silence. But a man's country comes first. 

--Other hand! shouted the prefect of studies. “Did it come off?” 

They had reached the corner of Ely Place. Still without answering, Corley 
swerved to the left and went up the side street. I sat staring at the clock for 
some time and, when its ticking began to irritate me, I left the room. But I am 
as good as you any day. Their cry was shrill and clear and fine and falling 
like threads of silken light unwound from whirring spools. 

The French, moreover, were virtual victors. 

--Freedom! Cranly repeated. Is it on account of that certain young lady and 
Father Moran? But that's all in your own mind, Stevie. 

--Lord Leitrim's coachman, yes, said Mr Dedalus. 

The formula which he wrote obediently on the sheet of paper, the coiling and 
uncoiling calculations of the professor, the spectre-like symbols of force and 
velocity fascinated and jaded Stephen's mind. “I bar the magic-lantern 
business. He’s a clever chap, too, with the pen. ” 

“There’s no tumblers,” said the old man. What did he care that his aunts 
were only two ignorant old women? 

A murmur in the room attracted his attention. 

My love she's handsome, My love she's bony: She's like good whisky When it is 
new; But when 'tis old And growing cold It fades and dies like The mountain 
dew. When he had finished his recitation there was a silence and then a burst 
of clapping: even Mr Lyons clapped. I’m going to have my fling first and see 
a bit of life and the world before I put my head in the sack--if I ever do. ” 

“Well, you’re the comical girl, Molly,” said Mrs Conroy frankly. 

“I know that,” said Eliza. It is a fire which proceeds directly from the 
ire of God, working not of its own activity but as an instrument of Divine 
vengeance. He wondered who had to let them down, the master or the boy himself. 

In a few minutes an apologetic “Pok!” was heard as the cork flew out of Mr 
Lyons’ bottle. 

He poured sauce freely over Stephen's plate and set the boat again on the 
table. Even if he sent her the verses she would not show them to others. In a 
whisper Mr Cunningham drew Mr Kernan’s attention to Mr Harford, the 
moneylender, who sat some distance off, and to Mr Fanning, the registration 
agent and mayor maker of the city, who was sitting immediately under the pulpit 
beside one of the newly elected councillors of the ward. Not so in hell. Not at 
all. 

--Yes, yes, said Mr Dedalus quickly. Why don't you learn Irish? Why did you 
drop out of the league class after the first lesson? 

--You know one reason why, answered Stephen. In the name of the Father and of 
the Son and of the Holy Ghost. When she stood up a pink-dressed figure, wearing 
a curly golden wig and an old-fashioned straw sunbonnet, with black pencilled 
eyebrows and cheeks delicately rouged and powdered, was discovered. I was quite 
bad. 

He winked at Stephen and, replacing the dish-cover, began to eat again. 
“Better not keep Mrs Malins standing in the draught. ” 

Mrs Malins was helped down the front steps by her son and Mr Browne and, after 
many manœuvres, hoisted into the cab. ” 

He uttered the metaphor with a certain homely energy and, encouraged by his own 
voice, proceeded: 

“You see, we may as well all admit we’re a nice collection of scoundrels, 
one and all. He said he believed in the old saying: “All work and no play 
makes Jack a dull boy. He could remember the way in which Mr Alleyne had 
hounded little Peake out of the office in order to make room for his own 
nephew. The question was: What reparation would he make? 

There must be reparation made in such cases. I answered that I had none. . . no 
candles! No, damn it all, I bar the candles!” 

He shook his head with farcical gravity. 

“Listen to that!” said his wife. You have asked me what I would do and what 
I would not do. I mean that the tragic emotion is static. . . . . And what do 
you think but there he was, sitting up by himself in the dark in his 
confession-box, wide-awake and laughing-like softly to himself?” 

She stopped suddenly as if to listen. Ernest was dead and Harry, who was in the 
church decorating business, was nearly always down somewhere in the country. 
Her father was becoming old lately, she noticed; he would miss her. She held an 
open book on her knees and was pointing out something in it to Constantine who, 
dressed in a man-o’-war suit, lay at her feet. She put the sleeping child 
deftly in his arms and said: 

“Here. Gabriel was surprised at her stillness and strained his ear to listen 
also. It sounded so genuine that a little colour struggled into Aunt Julia’s 
face as she bent to replace in the music-stand the old leather-bound songbook 
that had her initials on the cover. Nannie received us in the hall; and, as it 
would have been unseemly to have shouted at her, my aunt shook hands with her 
for all. I pretended to pray but I could not gather my thoughts because the old 
woman’s mutterings distracted me. When you have apprehended that basket as 
one thing and have then analysed it according to its form and apprehended it as 
a thing you make the only synthesis which is logically and esthetically 
permissible. We shook hands, laughing, and Mahony said: 

“Till tomorrow, mates!” 

That night I slept badly. And, by the way, who do you think he told me will get 
that job in the corporation? But I'll tell you that after. When they heard I 
was from Ireland they were ready to eat me, man. A few days later he received a 
parcel containing his books and music. Cranly took a small grey handball from 
his pocket and began to examine it closely, turning it over and over. 

--Next business? said MacCann. When they had gone on so for some time Stephen 
said: 

--Cranly, I had an unpleasant quarrel this evening. The workmen’s 
discussions, he said, were too timorous; the interest they took in the question 
of wages was inordinate. 

Captain Sinico, of Leoville, Sydney Parade, husband of the deceased, also gave 
evidence. He felt it descend and, seeing himself as he lay, smiled. No social 
revolution, he told her, would be likely to strike Dublin for some centuries. A 
crape bouquet was tied to the door-knocker with ribbon. 

He went once or twice with his mother to visit their relatives: and though they 
passed a jovial array of shops lit up and adorned for Christmas his mood of 
embittered silence did not leave him. We were serious to the point of 
solemnity, but once during the short voyage our eyes met and we laughed. 

Pok! The tardy cork flew out of Mr Crofton’s bottle. 

He selected one of the cards and read what was printed on it: 



MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS ---------- ROYAL EXCHANGE WARD ---------- 

Mr Richard J. 

I have left my book, I have left my room, For I heard you singing Through the 
gloom. . . here’s a little. . . 

A sharp Ulster voice said from the bench below Stephen: 

--Are we likely to be asked questions on applied science? 

The professor began to juggle gravely with the terms pure science and applied 
science. The phrase had been spoken lightly with design and he felt that his 
face was being searched by the eyes in the shadow. Heron, beside Stephen, began 
to hum tunelessly. 



MY EXCELLENT FRIEND BOMBADOS. She had tact. 

Mrs Mooney glanced instinctively at the little gilt clock on the mantelpiece as 
soon as she had become aware through her revery that the bells of George’s 
Church had stopped ringing. ” 

“But how can you get home?” asked Mrs Conroy. 

“But, however that may be, I can only ask you tonight to take the will for 
the deed and to lend me your attention for a few moments while I endeavour to 
express to you in words what my feelings are on this occasion. The devil, once 
a shining angel, a son of the morning, now a foul fiend came in the shape of a 
serpent, the subtlest of all the beasts of the field. 

--Pothead! Cranly said with calm contempt. 

They turned to the left and walked on as before. Were we to desert him at the 
bidding of the English people? 

--He was no longer worthy to lead, said Dante. 

--And why were you shocked, Cranly pressed on in the same tone, if you feel 
sure that our religion is false and that Jesus was not the son of God? 

--I am not at all sure of it, Stephen said. 

But he was not sick there. When he was down they turned on him to betray him 
and rend him like rats in a sewer. The applause continued for a little time. He 
heard a confused music within him as of memories and names which he was almost 
conscious of but could not capture even for an instant; then the music seemed 
to recede, to recede, to recede, and from each receding trail of nebulous music 
there fell always one longdrawn calling note, piercing like a star the dusk of 
silence. He had done for himself in the office, pawned his watch, spent all his 
money; and he had not even got drunk. ZEAL WITHOUT PRUDENCE IS LIKE A SHIP 
ADRIFT. But the lines of the letters were like fine invisible threads and it 
was only by closing his right eye tight and staring out of the left eye that he 
could make out the full curves of the capital. So long and cruel they were, 
though the white fattish hands were not cruel but gentle. ” 

Mr Kernan’s expression changed. She declined it, saying she was ironing 
downstairs, and, after having exchanged a nod with Mr Cunningham behind Mr 
Power’s back, prepared to leave the room. It is a beautiful evening now in 
heaven. The ticking went on unceasingly; and it seemed to this saint that the 
sound of the ticking was the ceaseless repetition of the words--ever, never; 
ever, never. 

Stephen paused and, though his companion did not speak, felt that his words had 
called up around them a thought-enchanted silence. 

--Don't argue with him, Dixon, Cranly said brutally. The gossip of his 
fellow-students which strove to render the flat life of the college significant 
at any cost loved to think of him as a young fenian. That was because he was 
thinking of his own father. And belt was also to give a fellow a belt. 

Eileen had long thin cool white hands too because she was a girl. 

Dr Halpin, assistant house surgeon of the City of Dublin Hospital, stated that 
the deceased had two lower ribs fractured and had sustained severe contusions 
of the right shoulder. We saw him lying upon the catafalque. 

At this Stephen forgot the silent vows he had been making and burst out: 

--Tennyson a poet! Why, he's only a rhymester! 

--O, get out! said Heron. It would rain for ever, noiselessly. They agreed to 
break off their intercourse: every bond, he said, is a bond to sorrow. My 
heart, have you no wisdom thus to despair? My love, my love, my love, why have 
you left me alone? 



















DUBLINERS 

By James Joyce 





Contents 



THE SISTERS 

AN ENCOUNTER 

ARABY 

EVELINE 

AFTER THE RACE 

TWO GALLANTS 

THE BOARDING HOUSE 

A LITTLE CLOUD 

COUNTERPARTS 

CLAY 

A PAINFUL CASE 



A MOTHER 

GRACE 

THE DEAD 





DUBLINERS 





THE SISTERS 

THERE was no hope for him this time: it was the third stroke. ” 

At nine o’clock I heard my uncle’s latchkey in the halldoor. Mr M’Coy 
said: 

“Father Tom Burke, that was the boy!” 

“O, Father Tom Burke,” said Mr Cunningham, “that was a born orator. Mrs 
Kearney said that she didn’t know anything about Mr Fitzpatrick. She was red 
in the face. When they were growing up he had never gone for her like he used 
to go for Harry and Ernest, because she was a girl; but latterly he had begun 
to threaten her and say what he would do to her only for her dead mother’s 
sake. Cranly, leaning against a pillar, was picking his teeth with a sharpened 
match, listening to some companions. 

--He was like you, I fancy, said Stephen, an emotional man. He said that my 
friend was a very rough boy and asked did he get whipped often at school. God 
could see that he was sorry. He was still in the familiar world of the school. 
While they were speaking the noise in the hall grew louder. Of course the girl 
or woman, or whatever she was, was an enthusiast but there was a time for all 
things. Mr Browne could go back farther still, to the old Italian companies 
that used to come to Dublin--Tietjens, Ilma de Murzka, Campanini, the great 
Trebelli, Giuglini, Ravelli, Aramburo. All I can say is I never heard her sing 
half so well as long as I am coming here. And that’s the honest truth. 

--It's a stinking mean thing, that's what it is, said Fleming in the corridor 
as the classes were passing out in file to the refectory, to pandy a fellow for 
what is not his fault. She made beef-tea for him and scolded him roundly. 

It was a bright Sunday morning of early summer, promising heat, but with a 
fresh breeze blowing. Though nobody spoke to him of the affair after class he 
could feel about him a vague general malignant joy. 

A few nights after this public chiding he was walking with a letter along the 
Drumcondra Road when he heard a voice cry: 

--Halt! 

He turned and saw three boys of his own class coming towards him in the dusk. 
But it’s labour produces everything. 

His arm was taken in a strong grip and Cranly's voice said: 

--Let us eke go. 

Then Nasty Roche had asked: 

--Is he a magistrate? 

He crept about from point to point on the fringe of his line, making little 
runs now and then. Lucifer, we are told, was a son of the morning, a radiant 
and mighty angel; yet he fell: he fell and there fell with him a third part of 
the host of heaven: he fell and was hurled with his rebellious angels into 
hell. What his sin was we cannot say. It must be. The ticking went on 
unceasingly; and it seemed to this saint that the sound of the ticking was the 
ceaseless repetition of the words--ever, never; ever, never. 

She was walking on before him with Mr Bartell D’Arcy, her shoes in a brown 
parcel tucked under one arm and her hands holding her skirt up from the slush. 

--He was the handsomest man in Cork at that time, by God he was! The women used 
to stand to look after him in the street. He knew that people went there after 
the theatre to eat oysters and drink liqueurs; and he had heard that the 
waiters there spoke French and German. No one wanted him; he was outcast from 
life’s feast. A crape bouquet was tied to the door-knocker with ribbon. He 
let the edge of the blind fall and, stepping down from the bench on which he 
had been standing, walked out of the chapel. 

Everyone had respect for poor Martin Cunningham. 

It was wrong; it was unfair and cruel; and, as he sat in the refectory, he 
suffered time after time in memory the same humiliation until he began to 
wonder whether it might not really be that there was something in his face 
which made him look like a schemer and he wished he had a little mirror to see. 
Leave him to his Maker. 

With ribbons streaming He sings the bolder; In troop at his shoulder 

The wild bees hum. You remember the pigs and forget that. The radiance of which 
he speaks in the scholastic QUIDDITAS, the WHATNESS of a thing. The eyes, too, 
were reptile-like in glint and gaze. He got out the Delacour correspondence and 
passed out of the office. He was undecided about the lines from Robert Browning 
for he feared they would be above the heads of his hearers. He had to decide. 
The lofty walls of his uncarpeted room were free from pictures. 

In the hall the children who had stayed latest were putting on their things: 
the party was over. “Poor old Larry Hynes! Many a good turn he did in his 
day! But I’m greatly afraid our friend is not nineteen carat. Damn it, I can 
understand a fellow being hard up, but what I can’t understand is a fellow 
sponging. Damn him one way or the other! 

APRIL 14. I’m deuced glad, I can tell you, to get back to the old country. 
” 

Gabriel went to the stairs and listened over the banisters. Mrs Kearney said 
that the Committee had treated her scandalously. I know you’re a friend of 
his, not like some of the others he does be with. It may be uphill pedalling at 
first. Some mothers would be content to patch up such an affair for a sum of 
money; she had known cases of it. The indelicate clacking of the men’s heels 
and the shuffling of their soles reminded him that their grade of culture 
differed from his. 

She passed out from the porch of the library and bowed across Stephen in reply 
to Cranly's greeting. 

--Will you? said Stephen. 

--Too bad! Too bad! said uncle Charles. 

My book was closed, I read no more, Watching the fire dance On the floor. He 
felt completely out-generalled. Those dark Oriental eyes, he thought, how full 
they are of passion, of voluptuous longing!. He gnawed the rectitude of his 
life; he felt that he had been outcast from life’s feast. 

The air was soft and grey and mild and evening was coming. 

--God bless you, my child. Then Cranly said: 

--That blithering idiot, Temple! I swear to Moses, do you know, that I'll be 
the death of that fellow one time. This means to leave church by back door of 
sin and re-enter through the skylight of repentance. Cannot repent. Told her so 
and asked for sixpence. Can see him. Strong farmer type. Pepper and salt suit. 
Square feet. Unkempt, grizzled beard. Probably attends coursing matches. His 
mother had worked for him as a birthday present a waistcoat of purple tabinet, 
with little foxes’ heads upon it, lined with brown satin and having round 
mulberry buttons. He had coarse features, a blunt nose, a convex and receding 
brow, tumid and protruded lips. Was it right to kiss his mother or wrong to 
kiss his mother? What did that mean, to kiss? You put your face up like that to 
say good night and then his mother put her face down. That was to kiss. But God 
was not in it of course when they stole it. He would confess all, every sin of 
deed and thought, sincerely; but not there among his school companions. He was 
unassuming and spoke little. In spite of all he had done it. Of course she had 
to work hard, both in the house and at business. As long as this one roof 
shelters the good ladies aforesaid--and I wish from my heart it may do so for 
many and many a long year to come--the tradition of genuine warm-hearted 
courteous Irish hospitality, which our forefathers have handed down to us and 
which we in turn must hand down to our descendants, is still alive among us. 
When she came to the age of marriage she was sent out to many houses where her 
playing and ivory manners were much admired. If my uncle was seen turning the 
corner we hid in the shadow until we had seen him safely housed. He would never 
be popular: he saw that. A hot burning stinging tingling blow like the loud 
crack of a broken stick made his trembling hand crumple together like a leaf in 
the fire: and at the sound and the pain scalding tears were driven into his 
eyes. The priests were always the true friends of Ireland. When the cinders had 
caught he laid the piece of cardboard against the wall, sighed and said: 

“That’s better now, Mr O’Connor. He leaned against the lamp-post and kept 
his gaze fixed on the 

His mind became active again. 

There was no answer. He named it with humility and shame and repented of it 
once more. He would love his neighbour. Forester and Forster are the same name. 
A descendant of Baldwin the First, captain Francis Forster, settled in Ireland 
and married the daughter of the last chieftain of Clanbrassil. Ten thousand 
souls won for God in a single month! That is a true conqueror, true to the 
motto of our order: AD MAJOREM DEI GLORIAM! A saint who has great power in 
heaven, remember: power to intercede for us in our grief; power to obtain 
whatever we pray for if it be for the good of our souls; power above all to 
obtain for us the grace to repent if we be in sin. It was the last tram; the 
lank brown horses knew it and shook their bells to the clear night in 
admonition. It is the cause of many crimes and misfortunes. Once or twice I 
stopped by the way under a bush to redden my pipe and only for the dew was 
thick I'd have stretched out there and slept. 

Lenehan observed them for a few minutes. 

--Yes, Cranly said. Welcome to our trusty friend! 

This welcome ended in a soft peal of mirthless laughter as Heron salaamed and 
then began to poke the ground with his cane. 

--Here I am, said Stephen, halting and glancing from Heron to his friend. . . 
he was a splendid man,” said Mr M’Coy. 

“I heard him once,” Mr Kernan continued. I gaze upon them as the swallow 
gazes Upon the nest under the eave before He wander the loud waters. People 
began to look at us. He had set up house for her six times; and each time she 
had pawned the furniture on him. He had started as a deck boy at a pound a 
month on a ship of the Allan Line going out to Canada. He was so enraged that 
he wrote _Bernard Bernard_ instead of _Bernard Bodley_ and had to begin again 
on a clean sheet. He wondered which was right, to be for the green or for the 
maroon, because Dante had ripped the green velvet back off the brush that was 
for Parnell one day with her scissors and had told him that Parnell was a bad 
man. His head was large, globular and oily; it sweated in all weathers; and his 
large round hat, set upon it sideways, looked like a bulb which had grown out 
of another. He heard what her eyes said to him from beneath their cowl and knew 
that in some dim past, whether in life or revery, he had heard their tale 
before. ’ But I think he’ll be all right. ” 

“What?” said Mr Henchy and Mr O’Connor. He avoided her eyes for he had 
seen a sour expression on her face. 

I waited till his monologue paused again. His wife, who had been a soprano, 
still taught young children to play the piano at low terms. He lay back and, 
tearing open the packet, placed the last cigarette on the window ledge and 
began to write out the stanzas of the villanelle in small neat letters on the 
rough cardboard surface. I objected that the boys were too small and so we 
walked on, the ragged troop screaming after us: _“Swaddlers! Swaddlers!”_ 
thinking that we were Protestants because Mahony, who was dark-complexioned, 
wore the silver badge of a cricket club in his cap. Do these correspond to the 
phases of apprehension? Are you following? 

--Of course, I am, said Lynch. 

--Baldhead, Cranly repeated, sucking at a crevice in his teeth. The man went up 
by the houses until he reached the door of the office, wondering whether he 
could finish his copy in time. The student's body shook all over and, to ease 
his mirth, he rubbed both his hands delightedly over his groins. Look at all 
the factories down by the quays there, idle! Look at all the money there is in 
the country if we only worked the old industries, the mills, the ship-building 
yards and factories. Temple turned on him bravely, saying: 

--Cranly, you're always sneering at me. A squat young man came out of the 
porch, a leather portfolio tucked under his armpit. 

The rector did not ask for a catechism to hear the lesson from. ” 

He spoke roughly in order to belie his air of gentility for his entry had been 
followed by a pause of talk. 

“Round and round he went,” said Gabriel, “and the old gentleman, who was 
a very pompous old gentleman, was highly indignant. ” 

“And who was the person long ago?” asked Gabriel, smiling. ” 

“Good-night, all. Not far from the porch of the club a harpist stood in the 
roadway, playing to a little ring of listeners. ” 

The three men left the bar and the crowd sifted through the doors into the 
laneway. His face was heated. He jumped up from his chair and walked hastily up 
and down the room with the child in his arms. Twelve, thirteen: for two came 
wheeling down from the upper sky. They were flying high and low but ever round 
and round in straight and curving lines and ever flying from left to right, 
circling about a temple of air. 

He waited for some moments, listening, before he too took up the air with them. 
The poor lady sang _Killarney_ in a bodiless gasping voice, with all the 
old-fashioned mannerisms of intonation and pronunciation which she believed 
lent elegance to her singing. The citizens of Dublin will benefit by it. Polly 
Mooney, the Madam’s daughter, would also sing. She sang: 



_I’m a. 

“But only for ten minutes, Molly,” said Mrs Conroy. A formula was given 
out. A lean student with olive skin and lank black hair thrust his face between 
the two, glancing from one to the other at each phrase and seeming to try to 
catch each flying phrase in his open moist mouth. Now, at the name of the 
fabulous artificer, he seemed to hear the noise of dim waves and to see a 
winged form flying above the waves and slowly climbing the air. Here’s this 
chap come to the throne after his old mother keeping him out of it till the man 
was grey. He’s a man of the world, and he means well by us. ” 

We said nothing further to each other. “I remember now there was a policeman. 
” 

“Maybe so,” said Mr Browne. His face was heated. He took the greatest care 
of his fair silken hair and moustache and used perfume discreetly on his 
handkerchief. . I’ll say a _Hail Mary_. I’ll do the retreat business and 
confession, and. 

He continued scraping his feet vigorously while the three women went upstairs, 
laughing, to the ladies’ dressing-room. 

“I suppose you squared the constable, Jack,” said Mr M’Coy. And old 
Barrett has a new way of twisting the note so that you can't open it and fold 
it again to see how many ferulae you are to get. 

--But that was stealing. 

“Time enough,” said Corley. He is right and the other fellows are wrong 
because a flogging wears off after a bit but a fellow that has been expelled 
from college is known all his life on account of it. 

“Good-evening, Freddy,” said Aunt Julia. ” 

He set to his supper and took no part in the conversation with which the table 
covered Lily’s removal of the plates. 

He sipped a little of his drink while Ignatius Gallaher finished his boldly. 
And he was ill at the time in his lodgings in Galway and wouldn’t be let out 
and his people in Oughterard were written to. That was called the order: and he 
had heard his father say that they were all clever men. The prefect spoke to 
Brother Michael and Brother Michael answered and called the prefect sir. They 
began then to gather in what they had won. She came up to his step many times 
between their phrases and went down again and once or twice remained beside him 
forgetting to go down and then went down. Yes, it was true. It was falling on 
every part of the dark central plain, on the treeless hills, falling softly 
upon the Bog of Allen and, farther westward, softly falling into the dark 
mutinous Shannon waves. It is a solemn question, Stephen, because on it may 
depend the salvation of your eternal soul. I don't know what you wish to do in 
life. But she thinks I’m a bit of class, you know. The life of his body, ill 
clad, ill fed, louse-eaten, made him close his eyelids in a sudden spasm of 
despair and in the darkness he saw the brittle bright bodies of lice falling 
from the air and turning often as they fell. 

It was too late to go upstairs to the French class. Then, with a snort of 
disgust, he shoved him violently down the steps. The boys answered him phrase 
by phrase. 

Wells asked: 

--What is going to be done to them? 

--Simon Moonan and Tusker are going to be flogged, Athy said, and the fellows 
in the higher line got their choice of flogging or being expelled. 

--The story, John, said Mr Dedalus smiling. His eyes fixed themselves on a 
paragraph in the evening paper which he had propped against the water-carafe. 
He had been a clerk in the Midland Railway, a canvasser for advertisements for 
_The Irish Times_ and for _The Freeman’s Journal_, a town traveller for a 
coal firm on commission, a private inquiry agent, a clerk in the office of the 
Sub-Sheriff and he had recently become secretary to the City Coroner. What was 
the right answer to the question? He had given two and still Wells laughed. 

“So far as owing money goes. The five young men strolled along Stephen’s 
Green in a faint cloud of aromatic smoke. Its rays burned up the world, 
consumed the hearts of men and angels: the rays from the rose that was her 
wilful heart. 

The heavy scowl faded from Cranly's face as MacCann marched briskly towards 
them from the other side of the hall. He emerged from under the feudal arch of 
the King’s Inns, a neat modest figure, and walked swiftly down Henrietta 
Street. It was a mean thing to do, to shoulder him into the square ditch, they 
were saying. She wore a loose open combing-jacket of printed flannel. The ends 
of her tulle collarette had been carefully disordered and a big bunch of red 
flowers was pinned in her bosom, stems upwards. ” 

He illustrated the story by grotesque gestures. “The four of us together. 
None of your modern trumpery. . 

“O,” exclaimed Mary Jane. 

--Why not? Cranly said. They entered the grounds of the college and were led by 
the garrulous porter across the quadrangle. 

In Jimmy’s house this dinner had been pronounced an occasion. Then he said: 

--Poor old Christy, he's nearly lopsided now with roguery. They had cried to 
him from the car, waving their hands: 

--Goodbye, Stephen, goodbye! 

--Goodbye, Stephen, goodbye! 

He was caught in the whirl of a scrimmage and, fearful of the flashing eyes and 
muddy boots, bent down to look through the legs. As the fellows in number one 
were undistinguished dullards, Stephen and Heron had been during the year the 
virtual heads of the school. When she came to the age of marriage she was sent 
out to many houses where her playing and ivory manners were much admired. She 
asked me was I going to _Araby_. In the purse were two half-crowns and some 
coppers. The man passed through the crowd, looking on the spectacle generally 
with proud satisfaction and staring masterfully at the office-girls. The 
president, wrapped in a heavy loose cloak, was coming towards them along one of 
the walks, reading his office. The wind of the last day blew through his mind, 
his sins, the jewel-eyed harlots of his imagination, fled before the hurricane, 
squeaking like mice in their terror and huddled under a mane of hair. It knew. 
He closed his eyes, surrendering himself to her, body and mind, conscious of 
nothing in the world but the dark pressure of her softly parting lips. 

He could hear the cries of the fellows on the playgrounds. ” 

“Were you dancing?” asked Gabriel. “The General of the Jesuits stands 
next to the Pope. And then his life was, you might say, crossed. We’ll have a 
family party. ” 





A very sullen-faced man stood at the corner of O’Connell Bridge waiting for 
the little Sandymount tram to take him home. 

“He is dead,” she said at length. 

It was towards the close of his first term in the college when he was in number 
six. 

Stephen's moment of anger had already passed. 

He uncovered the dish boldly and said: 

--Now then, who's for more turkey? 

Nobody answered. Faintly, under the heavy night, through the silence of the 
city which has turned from dreams to dreamless sleep as a weary lover whom no 
caresses move, the sound of hoofs upon the road. Not so faintly now as they 
come near the bridge; and in a moment, as they pass the darkened windows, the 
silence is cloven by alarm as by an arrow. There, by reason of the great number 
of the damned, the prisoners are heaped together in their awful prison, the 
walls of which are said to be four thousand miles thick: and the damned are so 
utterly bound and helpless that, as a blessed saint, saint Anselm, writes in 
his book on similitudes, they are not even able to remove from the eye a worm 
that gnaws it. 

--They lie in exterior darkness. “Fine jolly fellow! He’s a man of the 
world like ourselves. ” 

“Ah,. 

Gabriel having finished, the huge pudding was transferred to the table. Ten 
years before she had worn her shawl cowlwise about her head, sending sprays of 
her warm breath into the night air, tapping her foot upon the glassy road. It 
was the last tram; the lank brown horses knew it and shook their bells to the 
clear night in admonition. But how so quickly? By seeing or by thinking of 
seeing. It was lovely to be tired. But soon the gas would be lit and in burning 
it made a light noise like a little song. If so, Cranly would not have spoken 
as he did. He would never be popular: he saw that. By day and by night he moved 
among distorted images of the outer world. A figure that had seemed to him by 
day demure and innocent came towards him by night through the winding darkness 
of sleep, her face transfigured by a lecherous cunning, her eyes bright with 
brutish joy. But though the tears scalded his eyes and his limbs quivered with 
pain and fright he held back the hot tears and the cry that scalded his throat. 
Once he had washed his hands in the lavatory of the Wicklow Hotel and his 
father pulled the stopper up by the chain after and the dirty water went down 
through the hole in the basin. And when it had all gone down slowly the hole in 
the basin had made a sound like that: suck. 

He was walking down along the matting and he saw the door before him. 

--Ah, John, he said. 

He nodded curtly to Mr Hynes and sat down on the chair which the old man 
vacated. 

The tiny flame which the priest's allusion had kindled upon Stephen's cheek had 
sunk down again and his eyes were still fixed calmly on the colourless sky. In 
the bench behind sat Mr M’Coy alone: and in the bench behind him sat Mr Power 
and Mr Fogarty. His small head set off with glossy red curls and his newly 
shaven face agreed well with the spotless decency of his soutane and with his 
spotless shoes. Bodily unrest and chill and weariness beset him, routing his 
thoughts. Why was he kneeling there like a child saying his evening prayers? To 
be alone with his soul, to examine his conscience, to meet his sins face to 
face, to recall their times and manners and circumstances, to weep over them. 
They repelled him and defied him: there was no passion in them, no rapture. As 
the fellows in number one were undistinguished dullards, Stephen and Heron had 
been during the year the virtual heads of the school. Then he asked one of the 
young men to move aside, and, taking hold of the decanter, filled out for 
himself a goodly measure of whisky. 

“O Lily,” he said, thrusting it into her hands, “it’s Christmas-time, 
isn’t it? Just. It was a terrible game. They stopped just before the end of 
it to drink for luck. Jack Mooney, the Madam’s son, who was clerk to a 
commission agent in Fleet Street, had the reputation of being a hard case. He 
was fond of using soldiers’ obscenities: usually he came home in the small 
hours. He recalled only names. All the leisure which his school life left him 
was passed in the company of subversive writers whose jibes and violence of 
speech set up a ferment in his brain before they passed out of it into his 
crude writings. Wells too would be there but no fellow would look at him. So 
down with your breeches And out with your bum. Apply to the jesuit theologian, 
Juan Mariana de Talavera, who will also explain to you in what circumstances 
you may lawfully kill your king and whether you had better hand him his poison 
in a goblet or smear it for him upon his robe or his saddlebow. Ask me rather 
would I suffer others to rob me, or if they did, would I call down upon them 
what I believe is called the chastisement of the secular arm? 

--And would you? 

--I think, Stephen said, it would pain me as much to do so as to be robbed. 

--I see, Cranly said. He turned into the pillared hall, now calmly lit, went up 
the staircase and passed in through the clicking turnstile. The golden sunset 
was waning and the air had grown sharp. 

--Pothead! Cranly said with calm contempt. 



* * * * * 



The director stood in the embrasure of the window, his back to the light, 
leaning an elbow on the brown crossblind, and, as he spoke and smiled, slowly 
dangling and looping the cord of the other blind, Stephen stood before him, 
following for a moment with his eyes the waning of the long summer daylight 
above the roofs or the slow deft movements of the priestly fingers. I will not 
let any gloomy moralising intrude upon us here tonight. ” 

He imitated with his mouth the act of tasting and made a wry face. “I never 
even heard of him. Crofton and I were in the back of the. . They say it was the 
boy’s fault. 

Miss Mary Sinico said that of late her mother had been in the habit of going 
out at night to buy spirits. 

My aunt brought the dish from the safe and put it on the table. “There was 
some life in it then. ” 

The room was silent again. 

“Don’t you know they want to present an address of welcome to Edward Rex if 
he comes here next year? What do we want kowtowing to a foreign king?” 

“Our man won’t vote for the address,” said Mr O’Connor. When they 
passed through the passage beside Kildare house they found many students 
sheltering under the arcade of the library. A slap on the hand or a box on the 
ear was no good: what he wanted was to get a nice warm whipping. A lean student 
with olive skin and lank black hair thrust his face between the two, glancing 
from one to the other at each phrase and seeming to try to catch each flying 
phrase in his open moist mouth. He admired the dexterity with which their host 
directed the conversation. The first reason, sufficient in itself, was that he 
had nothing to say; the second reason was that he considered his companions 
beneath him. Lenehan’s eyes noted approvingly her stout short muscular body. 
Frank rude health glowed in her face, on her fat red cheeks and in her 
unabashed blue eyes. Her features were blunt. It was an oval face with strongly 
marked features. Many go down into the depths and never come up. Old as they 
were, her aunts also did their share. Mulrennan spoke Irish. Then old man and 
Mulrennan spoke English. You could know the people of that time by their old 
dress. Come to facts. 

They crossed the quadrangle together without speaking. Go on. 

--I'm an emotional man, said Temple. He opened it cautiously with his left hand 
lest he should waken the child and began to read the first poem in the book: 



_Hushed are the winds and still the evening gloom, Not e’en a Zephyr wanders 
through the grove, Whilst I return to view my Margaret’s tomb And scatter 
flowers on the dust I love. He held an extinguished cigar in his hand and the 
aroma of cigar smoke floated near him. 

He was hungry for, except some biscuits which he had asked two grudging curates 
to bring him, he had eaten nothing since breakfast-time. We never can say what 
is in us. Ha! Ha! Ha! 

Mr Dedalus turned to his wife and interjected in his natural voice: 

--Shows you the spirit in which they take the boys there. O, a jesuit for your 
life, for diplomacy! 

He reassumed the provincial's voice and repeated: 

--I TOLD THEM ALL AT DINNER ABOUT IT AND FATHER DOLAN AND I AND ALL OF US WE 
HAD A HEARTY LAUGH TOGETHER OVER IT. ” 

“O do, Mary Jane,” said Aunt Kate. Now, won’t you have a little something 
before you go?” 

“I don’t mind,” said Mr Hendrick. What did it mean? Was it a quaint 
device opening a page of some medieval book of prophecies and symbols, a 
hawk-like man flying sunward above the sea, a prophecy of the end he had been 
born to serve and had been following through the mists of childhood and 
boyhood, a symbol of the artist forging anew in his workshop out of the 
sluggish matter of the earth a new soaring impalpable imperishable being? 

His heart trembled; his breath came faster and a wild spirit passed over his 
limbs as though he was soaring sunward. . . But I could not remember the end of 
the dream. 

“There’s nothing to touch a good slavey,” he affirmed. 

--A girl got into a hansom a few days ago, he went on, in London. Wells looked 
round to see if anyone was coming. Then he said secretly: 

--You know the altar wine they keep in the press in the sacristy? 

--Yes. ‘I don’t think that that’s a fair question to put to me,’ says 
I. ” 

Nosey Flynn was sitting up in his usual corner of Davy Byrne’s and, when he 
heard the story, he stood Farrington a half-one, saying it was as smart a thing 
as ever he heard. “But I may tell you I doubt it strongly. ” 

“O, I’d give anything to hear Caruso sing,” said Mary Jane. . . . . . 

He could not speak with fright. Mr Kernan waited to see whether he would be 
taken into his friends’ confidence. His room still bore witness of the 
orderliness of his mind. Then a noise like dwarf artillery broke the movement. 
People would treat her with respect then. Mrs Kearney was well content at this. 
” 

After a swift struggle of tongues Mr Holohan hobbled out in haste. 

“Why, man alive,” said Ignatius Gallaher, vehemently, “do you know what 
it is? I’ve only to say the word and tomorrow I can have the woman and the 
cash. 

--No. I just waited till I caught his eye, and said: ‘About that little 
matter I was speaking to you about. 

--Tell us why. . 

He held a piece of fowl up on the prong of the carving fork. 

There is no word nor any sign Can make amend-- He is a stranger to me now Who 
was my friend. 

--I don't care what he was, cried Stephen hotly. I'll stand you a pint after. 

--He's sick. We have all his poetry at home in a book. Away with God! 

--Blasphemer! Devil! screamed Dante, starting to her feet and almost spitting 
in his face. 

Uncle Charles and Mr Dedalus pulled Mr Casey back into his chair again, talking 
to him from both sides reasonably. Hom! 

He gave a loud cough of laughter, smiled broadly and tugged twice at the 
straw-coloured goatee which hung from his blunt chin. 

--The next business is to sign the testimonial. 

He left her quickly, fearing that her intimacy might turn to jibing and wishing 
to be out of the way before she offered her ware to another, a tourist from 
England or a student of Trinity. 

He had a quiet toneless voice and urbane manners and on a finger of his plump 
clean hand he displayed at moments a signet ring. 

--I do not, Stephen said. “Such eyes as he had: big, dark eyes! And such an 
expression in them--an expression!” 

“O then, you were in love with him?” said Gabriel. 

“I used to go out walking with him,” she said, “when I was in Galway. 

But what was the name the woman had called Kitty O'Shea that Mr Casey would not 
repeat? He thought of Mr Casey walking through the crowds of people and making 
speeches from a wagonette. Don't I tell you he's provincial of the order now? 

--I never liked the idea of sending him to the christian brothers myself, said 
Mrs Dedalus. Lead him home with a sugan the way you'd lead a bleating goat. 

--Limbo! Temple cried. 

--And here's the wiseacre, said Temple. Stephen, to fill the silence, said: 

--I am sure I could not light a fire. The gang made forays into the gardens of 
old maids or went down to the castle and fought a battle on the shaggy 
weed-grown rocks, coming home after it weary stragglers with the stale odours 
of the foreshore in their nostrils and the rank oils of the seawrack upon their 
hands and in their hair. If she knew to what his mind had subjected her or how 
his brute-like lust had torn and trampled upon her innocence! Was that boyish 
love? Was that chivalry? Was that poetry? The sordid details of his orgies 
stank under his very nostrils. And if he went and was pandied all the same all 
the fellows would make fun and talk about young Dedalus going up to the rector 
to tell on the prefect of studies. And Fleming had said he would not because it 
was best of his play not to. And he thought of what Cecil Thunder had said: 
that Mr Gleeson would not flog Corrigan hard. You know that?” 

“I know that,” said Little Chandler. O Johnny! 

He twisted his features into a grimace of heavy bestiality and made a lapping 
noise with his lips. Royal persons, favourites, intriguers, bishops, passed 
like mute phantoms behind their veil of names. All had died: all had been 
judged. Even that night as he stumbled homewards along Jones's Road he had felt 
that some power was divesting him of that sudden-woven anger as easily as a 
fruit is divested of its soft ripe peel. And still as the years roll by, 
bringing with them changes for good and bad, the memory of the great saint is 
honoured by the boys of this college who make every year their annual retreat 
on the days preceding the feast day set apart by our Holy Mother the Church to 
transmit to all the ages the name and fame of one of the greatest sons of 
catholic Spain. 

--I will take the risk, said Stephen. Of course, I don't know if you believe in 
man. 

Neither of the others spoke. 

He enunciated the word and then drank gravely. ” 

“‘ant we have a little. 

“Quite right, Gabriel, quite right,” she said. Little Chandler pushed one 
glass towards his friend and took up the other boldly. Her companionship was 
like a warm soil about an exotic. Its resident population was made up of clerks 
from the city. His hands clenched convulsively and his teeth set together as he 
suffered the agony of its penetration. He had spoken of a mother's love. Pride 
and hope and desire like crushed herbs in his heart sent up vapours of 
maddening incense before the eyes of his mind. He strode down the hill amid the 
tumult of sudden-risen vapours of wounded pride and fallen hope and baffled 
desire. They had five children. No, it was best to forget all about it and 
perhaps the prefect of studies had only said he would come in. He was not 
foxing. The time had come for him to set out on his journey westward. He was no 
good at sums, but he tried his best so that York might not lose. He set off 
briskly along the northern side of the Green hurrying for fear Corley should 
return too soon. His harp, too, heedless that her coverings had fallen about 
her knees, seemed weary alike of the eyes of strangers and of her master’s 
hands. Then all his eagerness passed away and he felt his face quite cool. He 
ran after them a little way and then stopped. He desired with all his will not 
to hear or see. Mr Alleyne would never give him an hour’s rest; his life 
would be a hell to him. She was invariably friendly and advising--homely, in 
fact. There were worse husbands. Stephen's heart leapt up in fear. 

The rector went on gravely: 

--You are all familiar with the story of the life of saint Francis Xavier, I 
suppose, the patron of your college. Joe was there, having come home from 
business, and all the children had their Sunday dresses on. She had nursed him 
and Alphy too; and Joe used often say: 

“Mamma is mamma but Maria is my proper mother. She thought her plans over. 
Their conversation was evidently about Kathleen for they both glanced at her 
often as she stood chatting to one of her Nationalist friends, Miss Healy, the 
contralto. In one letter that he had written to her then he had said: “Why is 
it that words like these seem to me so dull and cold? Is it because there is no 
word tender enough to be your name?” 

Like distant music these words that he had written years before were borne 
towards him from the past. Like a scene on some vague arras, old as man's 
weariness, the image of the seventh city of christendom was visible to him 
across the timeless air, no older nor more weary nor less patient of subjection 
than in the days of the thingmote. He longed to recall to her those moments, to 
make her forget the years of their dull existence together and remember only 
their moments of ecstasy. He felt the death chill touch the extremities and 
creep onward towards the heart, the film of death veiling the eyes, the bright 
centres of the brain extinguished one by one like lamps, the last sweat oozing 
upon the skin, the powerlessness of the dying limbs, the speech thickening and 
wandering and failing, the heart throbbing faintly and more faintly, all but 
vanquished, the breath, the poor breath, the poor helpless human spirit, 
sobbing and sighing, gurgling and rattling in the throat. The commonwealth 
fell, the loan bank closed its coffers and its books on a sensible loss, the 
rules of life which he had drawn about himself fell into desuetude. 

His soul sank back deeper into depths of contrite peace, no longer able to 
suffer the pain of dread, and sending forth, as he sank, a faint prayer. 

The porter pointed to the tap of the electric-light and began a muttered 
apology but Gabriel cut him short. 

“The late lamented Patrick Morkan, our grandfather, that is,” explained 
Gabriel, “commonly known in his later years as the old gentleman, was a 
glue-boiler. 

--In a college like this, he said at length, there is one boy or perhaps two or 
three boys whom God calls to the religious life. 

The grin broadened on Nash's freckled face as he turned to Stephen and said: 

--And do you like Cardinal Newman, Dedalus? 

--O, many say that Newman has the best prose style, Heron said to the other two 
in explanation, of course he's not a poet. He came up the hill, smiling, and 
clambered up beside me on the bridge. His temperament might be said to be just 
at the point of maturity. Then a noise like dwarf artillery broke the movement. 
You could know the people of that time by their old dress. That is CONSONANTIA. 
And that night Mr Casey had not gone to Dublin by train but a car had come to 
the door and he had heard his father say something about the Cabinteely road. 
Ernest was dead and Harry, who was in the church decorating business, was 
nearly always down somewhere in the country. Her father was becoming old 
lately, she noticed; he would miss her. Many times she allowed the dark to fall 
upon them, refraining from lighting the lamp. The dark discreet room, their 
isolation, the music that still vibrated in their ears united them. 

Lenehan hurried on in the same direction. 

He turned away from her suddenly and set off across the strand. 



The consciousness of the warm sunny city outside his window and the tender 
tremors with which his father's voice festooned the strange sad happy air, 
drove off all the mists of the night's ill humour from Stephen's brain. We want 
no lazy idle loafers here, lazy idle little schemers. He won't be in till after 
half two. Gallaher’s accent and way of expressing himself did not please him. 
There was something vulgar in his friend which he had not observed before. I'm 
taking botany too. 

Eleven! Then he was late for that lecture too. To the sellers in the market, to 
the barmen and barmaids, to the beggars who importuned him for a lob Mr Dedalus 
told the same tale--that he was an old Corkonian, that he had been trying for 
thirty years to get rid of his Cork accent up in Dublin and that Peter 
Pickackafax beside him was his eldest son but that he was only a Dublin 
jackeen. 

They had set out early in the morning from Newcombe's coffee-house, where Mr 
Dedalus's cup had rattled noisily against its saucer, and Stephen had tried to 
cover that shameful sign of his father's drinking bout of the night before by 
moving his chair and coughing. 

--Aloysius Gonzaga, I think, was of the same mind, Stephen said. Stephen 
watched him in silence. Towards Findlater's church a quartet of young men were 
striding along with linked arms, swaying their heads and stepping to the agile 
melody of their leader's concertina. On Sunday mornings as he passed the church 
door he glanced coldly at the worshippers who stood bareheaded, four deep, 
outside the church, morally present at the mass which they could neither see 
nor hear. The falsehood of his position did not pain him. 

Stephen paused and, though his companion did not speak, felt that his words had 
called up around them a thought-enchanted silence. 

Could it be? He knelt there sinless and timid; and he would hold upon his 
tongue the host and God would enter his purified body. God and the Blessed 
Virgin were too far from him: God was too great and stern and the Blessed 
Virgin too pure and holy. But he imagined that he stood near Emma in a wide 
land and, humbly and in tears, bent and kissed the elbow of her sleeve. 

He drank another cup of hot tea and Fleming said: 

--What's up? Have you a pain or what's up with you? 

--I don't know, Stephen said. 

--I can see, he said, that you are about to make obvious remarks. Frank was 
very kind, manly, open-hearted. Her features were blunt. Tears of joy and 
relief shone in his delighted eyes and his lips parted though they would not 
speak. 

She passed her tinkling hand through his hair, calling him a little rascal. 

“Where is Gabriel?” she cried. The seats were being filled up rapidly and a 
pleasant noise circulated in the auditorium. The deceased had been in the habit 
of crossing the lines late at night from platform to platform and, in view of 
certain other circumstances of the case, he did not think the railway officials 
were to blame. 

--Anything else, my child? 

Sins of anger, envy of others, gluttony, vanity, disobedience. And Father 
Arnall had said that he need not study till the new glasses came. That was 
called the order: and he had heard his father say that they were all clever 
men. He closed his eyes and the train went on, roaring and then stopping; 
roaring again, stopping. Maria did not understand why Joe laughed so much over 
the answer he had made but she said that the manager must have been a very 
overbearing person to deal with. There was a great deal of laughing and joking 
during the meal. A pale sunlight showed the yellow curtains drawn back, the 
tossed beds. After a while a young woman opened the door and brought me out a 
big mug of milk. Our Uncrowned King is dead. Victoria and Stephen and Simon. 
Simon and Stephen and Victoria. It was the night of the match against the 
Bective Rangers; and the ball was made just like a red and green apple only it 
opened and it was full of the creamy sweets. SIMILITER ATQUE SENIS BACULUS, he 
was, as the founder would have had him, like a staff in an old man's hand, to 
be leaned on in the road at nightfall or in stress of weather, to lie with a 
lady's nosegay on a garden seat, to be raised in menace. 

The dean returned to the hearth and began to stroke his chin. The priest's 
voice, too, had a hard jingling tone. 

--Lynch is awake, said Cranly. 

“Beautiful?” said Ignatius Gallaher, pausing on the word and on the flavour 
of his drink. 

--I wouldn't stand it, Fleming repeated, from Baldyhead or any other Baldyhead. 

A rogue in red and yellow dress Is knocking, knocking at the tree; And all 
around our loneliness The wind is whistling merrily. When children see things 
like that, you know, it has an effect. He bestowed them in his pockets with 
feigned composure and suffered the friendly teller, to whom his father chatted, 
to take his hand across the broad counter and wish him a brilliant career in 
after life. He desired with all his will not to hear or see. If he went on with 
the fellows he could never go up to the rector because he could not leave the 
playground for that. . 
