. out-and-out ruffian, not one of them ever preached _ex cathedra_ a word of 
false doctrine. Now isn’t that an astonishing thing?” 

“That is,” said Mr Kernan. 

“Yes, because when the Pope speaks _ex cathedra_,” Mr Fogarty explained, 
“he is infallible. I disremember if it was October or November. All my senses 
seemed to desire to veil themselves and, feeling that I was about to slip from 
them, I pressed the palms of my hands together until they trembled, murmuring: 
_“O love! O love!”_ many times. Even that night as he stumbled homewards 
along Jones's Road he had felt that some power was divesting him of that 
sudden-woven anger as easily as a fruit is divested of its soft ripe peel. But 
while they are everlasting they are at the same time, as you know, intolerably 
intense, unbearably extensive. Mrs Donnelly told her husband it was a great 
shame for him to speak that way of his own flesh and blood but Joe said that 
Alphy was no brother of his and there was nearly being a row on the head of it. 
” 

“Browne is out there, Aunt Kate,” said Mary Jane. “He hasn’t got those 
little pigs’ eyes for nothing. You wouldn’t hear him in the house any more 
than now. Why do you make a scene about it? 

--Good! said MacCann, smacking his lips. You mean I am a monster. I showed him 
a bit about London when he was over there. ‘y na’e is Kernan. ” 

The shock and the incipient pain had partly sobered him. 

“But yet,” continued Gabriel, his voice falling into a softer inflection, 
“there are always in gatherings such as this sadder thoughts that will recur 
to our minds: thoughts of the past, of youth, of changes, of absent faces that 
we miss here tonight. It shocked him to find in the outer world a trace of what 
he had deemed till then a brutish and individual malady of his own mind. Give 
it up, my child, for God's sake. It is dishonourable and unmanly. Idle and 
embittering, finally, to argue, against his own dispassionate certitude, that 
the commandment of love bade us not to love our neighbour as ourselves with the 
same amount and intensity of love but to love him as ourselves with the same 
kind of love. 

He drew forth a phrase from his treasure and spoke it softly to himself: 

--A day of dappled seaborne clouds. 

“One night, man,” he said, “I was going along Dame Street and I spotted a 
fine tart under Waterhouse’s clock and said good-night, you know. One of 
these gentlemen was Mr O’Madden Burke, who had found out the room by 
instinct. 

“This page or this page? This page? Now, Dillon, up! _‘Hardly had the 
day’. He knew that his father had paid a guinea for it in Dunn's of D'Olier 
Street and that the man had prodded it often at the breastbone to show how good 
it was: and he remembered the man's voice when he had said: 

--Take that one, sir. 

--There's a crack of the whip left in me yet, Stephen, old chap, said Mr 
Dedalus, poking at the dull fire with fierce energy. Cranly's heavy boots were 
heard loudly charging across the quadrangle and then returning heavily, foiled 
and spurning the gravel at each step. 

His step was angry and with an angry abrupt gesture he thrust the stick back 
into Stephen's hand. As he did so the flame lit up a leaf of dark glossy ivy in 
the lapel of his coat. A keen east wind hit them, blowing from the mouth of the 
river. 

“Mr D’Arcy,” she said, “what is the name of that song you were 
singing?” 

“It’s called _The Lass of Aughrim_,” said Mr D’Arcy, “but I 
couldn’t remember it properly. He prayed beside them but it was hard. . . . . 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . And when I ask when my daughter is going to 
be paid I can’t get a civil answer. He shrank from the dignity of celebrant 
because it displeased him to imagine that all the vague pomp should end in his 
own person or that the ritual should assign to him so clear and final an 
office. The glow of a late autumn sunset covered the grass plots and walks. The 
day had grown sultry, and in the windows of the grocers’ shops musty biscuits 
lay bleaching. The lovely smell there was in the wintry air: the smell of 
Clane: rain and wintry air and turf smouldering and corduroy. But no other 
sound was in the air and the swallows whose flight he had followed with idle 
eyes were sleeping. 

He stood still in the gloom of the hall, trying to catch the air that the voice 
was singing and gazing up at his wife. 

--God and religion before everything! Dante cried. “That’s the latest. 
Whenever it’s wet underfoot I must put on my goloshes. Tonight even he wanted 
me to put them on, but I wouldn’t. The next thing he’ll buy me will be a 
diving suit. The only sailor whose eyes could have been called green was a tall 
man who amused the crowd on the quay by calling out cheerfully every time the 
planks fell: 

“All right! All right!” 

When we were tired of this sight we wandered slowly into Ringsend. 

--But there are many eminent French critics, said the priest, who consider that 
even Victor Hugo, great as he certainly was, had not so pure a French style as 
Louis Veuillot. Then he smiled and said: 

--O, well, it was a mistake; I am sure Father Dolan did not know. People would 
treat her with respect then. Mrs Kearney was well content at this. Therefore 
she was not surprised when one day Mr Holohan came to her and proposed that her 
daughter should be the accompanist at a series of four grand concerts which his 
Society was going to give in the Antient Concert Rooms. She brought him into 
the drawing-room, made him sit down and brought out the decanter and the silver 
biscuit-barrel. Mrs Kearney bought some lovely blush-pink charmeuse in Brown 
Thomas’s to let into the front of Kathleen’s dress. He listened carefully 
and said that perhaps it would be better if he went with her on Saturday night. 

Darkness, accompanied by a thick fog, was gaining upon the dusk of February and 
the lamps in Eustace Street had been lit. It might be difficult for you to live 
here now. Could his mind then not trust itself? Old phrases, sweet only with a 
disinterred sweetness like the figseeds Cranly rooted out of his gleaming 
teeth. If he could only write a book and get it published, that might open the 
way for him. He had his mind set on that. 

As the light failed and his memory began to wander he thought her hand touched 
his. She stood at the door, haggard with rage, arguing with her husband and 
daughter, gesticulating with them. Mrs Kearney wrapped the cloak round her 
daughter and followed him. Her house had a floating population made up of 
tourists from Liverpool and the Isle of Man and, occasionally, _artistes_ from 
the music-halls. If ever he was impelled to cast sin from him and to repent the 
impulse that moved him was the wish to be her knight. Folly indeed! Her 
brothers would laugh and try to wrest the page from each other with their 
strong hard fingers. The suave priest, her uncle, seated in his arm-chair, 
would hold the page at arm's length, read it smiling and approve of the 
literary form. 

“André. He's the only man I see in this institution that has an individual 
mind. There are twenty subjects. . . . . Cranly interrupted himself for an 
instant, and then said: I don't want to pry into your family affairs. 

--The Forster family, Temple said, is descended from Baldwin the First, king of 
Flanders. These relations of the sensible, visible to you through one form and 
to me through another, must be therefore the necessary qualities of beauty. He 
had been seen by many of his friends that day in the company of these 
Continentals. He did not like Wells's face. . Ah! WITHOUT A POSSIBILITY OF EVER 
APPROACHING NEARER. That's another story. 

--From Baldhead, king of Flanders, Cranly repeated, rooting again deliberately 
at his gleaming uncovered teeth. A full hour had passed since his father had 
gone in with Dan Crosby, the tutor, to find out for him something about the 
university. The catcalls and hisses and mocking cries ran in rude gusts round 
the hall from his scattered fellow students. ” 

“God have mercy on his soul,” said my aunt piously. But she never would be 
said by me. Then he asked Jack Lawton to decline the noun MARE and Jack Lawton 
stopped at the ablative singular and could not go on with the plural. His 
father, remonstrative, but covertly proud of the excess, had paid his bills and 
brought him home. 

O bend no more in revery When he at eventide is calling. When they had gone on 
so for some time Stephen said: 

--Cranly, I had an unpleasant quarrel this evening. I ran to the hall, seized 
my books and followed her. Attacked me on the score of love for one's mother. 
Tried to imagine his mother: cannot. Told me once, in a moment of 
thoughtlessness, his father was sixty-one when he was born. Just then my father 
came up. The first sting inflicted by this cruel worm will be the memory of 
past pleasures. The door of the bar opened and an immense constable entered. It 
was with difficulty that he won back his old consciousness of his state of 
grace by telling himself that he had prayed to God at every temptation and that 
the grace which he had prayed for must have been given to him inasmuch as God 
was obliged to give it. Idle and embittering, finally, to argue, against his 
own dispassionate certitude, that the commandment of love bade us not to love 
our neighbour as ourselves with the same amount and intensity of love but to 
love him as ourselves with the same kind of love. 

He drew forth a phrase from his treasure and spoke it softly to himself: 

--A day of dappled seaborne clouds. 

The other fellows stopped their game and turned round, laughing. All serene, 
Simon, said the old man tranquilly. ” 

“Lovely voice, lovely voice!” said Aunt Kate. 

“You don’t know what’s good for you, my boy,” said Ignatius Gallaher. 
The blind was pulled down to within an inch of the sash so that I could not be 
seen. When it had ceased all the auditors drank from their bottles in silence. 
He bestowed them in his pockets with feigned composure and suffered the 
friendly teller, to whom his father chatted, to take his hand across the broad 
counter and wish him a brilliant career in after life. He was unassuming and 
spoke little. Stewards in evening dress, old Belvedereans, loitered in groups 
about the entrance to the theatre and ushered in the visitors with ceremony. 
Under the sudden glow of a lantern he could recognize the smiling face of a 
priest. 

An old man was dozing in a great hooded chair in the hall. After having drunk 
each placed his bottle on the mantelpiece within hand’s reach and drew in a 
long breath of satisfaction. I have. I could interpret these signs. Do these 
correspond to the phases of apprehension? Are you following? 

--Of course, I am, said Lynch. . _ Have you studied it? What have you there in 
your pocket?” 

Everyone’s heart palpitated as Leo Dillon handed up the paper and everyone 
assumed an innocent face. He felt the rhythm of the verse about him in the 
room. As the husband was often away and the daughter out giving music lessons 
Mr Duffy had many opportunities of enjoying the lady’s society. This he did 
by raising his hand vaguely and pensively changing the angle of position of his 
hat. 

--I will try to learn it, said Stephen. In the silence of the soft grey air he 
heard the cricket bats from here and from there: pock. This vision made him 
feel keenly his own poverty of purse and spirit. The mind in that mysterious 
instant Shelley likened beautifully to a fading coal. They began to exchange 
stories. The drivers pointed with their whips to Bodenstown. The lean young man 
in a long overcoat, who was to give a special display of intricate club 
swinging, stood near watching with interest, his silver-coated clubs peeping 
out of his deep side-pockets. Kathleen played a selection of Irish airs which 
was generously applauded. On special Sundays, when Mr Kearney went with his 
family to the pro-cathedral, a little crowd of people would assemble after mass 
at the corner of Cathedral Street. The sudden legend startled his blood: he 
seemed to feel the absent students of the college about him and to shrink from 
their company. He had been thrown by the fellow's machine lightly on the cinder 
path and his spectacles had been broken in three pieces and some of the grit of 
the cinders had gone into his mouth. First of all it had been an excitement for 
her to have a fellow and then she had begun to like him. Set that before you as 
your first aim. Then, little by little, you will see your way. I mean in every 
sense, your way in life and in thinking. People began to look at us. Mrs 
Kearney was well content at this. I know you’re a friend of his, not like 
some of the others he does be with. No, I treat you as your grandfather treated 
me when I was a young chap. We were more like brothers than father and son. 

It was too late and we were too tired to carry out our project of visiting the 
Pigeon House. I thought you were Josephine, Stephen. 

--I am afraid you are a heretic. Temple, after a few moments, sidled across to 
Stephen and said: 

--Excuse me, I wanted to ask you, do you believe that Jean-Jacques Rousseau was 
a sincere man? 

Stephen laughed outright. Cranly, picking up the broken stave of a cask from 
the grass at his feet, turned swiftly and said sternly: 

--Temple, I declare to the living God if you say another word, do you know, to 
anybody on any subject, I'll kill you SUPER SPOTTUM. 

--He was like you, I fancy, said Stephen, an emotional man. Mrs Dedalus 
followed and the places were arranged. Dante covered her plate with her hands 
and said: 

--No, thanks. 

Dante turned on her and said: 

--And am I to sit here and listen to the pastors of my church being flouted? 

--Nobody is saying a word against them, said Mr Dedalus, so long as they don't 
meddle in politics. 

As they passed through a lane of the tables Stephen said: 

--Cranly, I want to speak to you. 

--I don't know if you know where that is--at a hurling match between the 
Croke's Own Boys and the Fearless Thurles and by God, Stevie, that was the hard 
fight. 

Little Chandler blushed again. 

Rain was falling on the chapel, on the garden, on the college. The platinoid 
wire is insulated and the covering of silk that insulates it is wound on the 
ebonite bobbins just where my finger is. The brandy was forced down the man’s 
throat. It knew. He listened to Father Arnall's low and gentle voice as he 
corrected the themes. She listened to all. She danced lightly in the round. She 
looked at herself in profile and readjusted a hairpin above her ear. There was 
one thing she didn’t like and that was the tracts on the walks; but the 
matron was such a nice person to deal with, so genteel. 

--Now it is all about politics in the papers, he said. 

“No,” said Gabriel, turning to his wife, “we had quite enough of that 
last year, hadn’t we? Don’t you remember, Aunt Kate, what a cold Gretta got 
out of it? Cab windows rattling all the way, and the east wind blowing in after 
we passed Merrion. 

The odorous winds are weaving A music of sighs: Arise, arise, My dove, my 
beautiful one! 

I wait by the cedar tree, My sister, my love, White breast of the dove, My 
breast shall be your bed. 

--That remark was made before, Cranly said calmly. 

The voices that he knew so well, the common words, the quiet of the classroom 
when the voices paused and the silence was filled by the sound of softly 
browsing cattle as the other boys munched their lunches tranquilly, lulled his 
aching soul. She made beef-tea for him and scolded him roundly. He was drawing 
her into them: he would drown her. 

Generous tears filled Gabriel’s eyes. Father Arnall rose from his seat and 
went among them, helping the boys with gentle words and telling them the 
mistakes they had made. And when Dante made that noise after dinner and then 
put up her hand to her mouth: that was heartburn. He said that there was 
nothing in this world he would like so well as that. Annie had chosen it 
herself and it reminded him of her. It too was prim and pretty. She was leaning 
on the banisters, listening to something. As he passed Lenehan took off his cap 
and, after about ten seconds, Corley returned a salute to the air. 

Brother Michael was standing at the door of the infirmary and from the door of 
the dark cabinet on his right came a smell like medicine. 

--Give me a kiss, she said. 

--But, sir-- 

--Yes? 

--Father Dolan came in today and pandied me because I was not writing my theme. 
That has the true scholastic stink. 

--Bull's eye again! said Lynch wittily. Then he asked uncle Charles was it 
tender. ” 

Mrs Kearney had to go back to the dressing-room. ” 

He stood on the mat, scraping the snow from his goloshes, while Lily led his 
wife to the foot of the stairs and called out: 

“Miss Kate, here’s Mrs Conroy. 

“But, however that may be, I can only ask you tonight to take the will for 
the deed and to lend me your attention for a few moments while I endeavour to 
express to you in words what my feelings are on this occasion. She went to the 
priest and got a separation from him with care of the children. He was a 
serious young man, not rakish or loud-voiced like the others. By Christ, I’ll 
go myself and see what they’re like. One night he went for his wife with the 
cleaver and she had to sleep in a neighbour’s house. We kept the ball rolling 
anyhow and enjoyed ourselves and saw a bit of life and we were none the worse 
of it either. 

--He had, faith, Temple said. I asked him again now, but he was leaning on the 
counter in his shirt-sleeves having a deep goster with Alderman Cowley. Though 
there was nothing wrong in these stories and though their intention was 
sometimes literary they were circulated secretly at school. One day when Father 
Butler was hearing the four pages of Roman History clumsy Leo Dillon was 
discovered with a copy of _The Halfpenny Marvel_. Then a man from Belfast 
bought the field and built houses in it--not like their little brown houses but 
bright brick houses with shining roofs. ” 

“Yes, that’s it,” said Mr Cunningham, “Jack and I and M’Coy 
here--we’re all going to wash the pot. ” 

“And tell me, Martin. 

“Round and round he went,” said Gabriel, “and the old gentleman, who was 
a very pompous old gentleman, was highly indignant. 

Stephen pointed to the Tsar's photograph and said: 

--He has the face of a besotted Christ. 

Stephen glanced up quickly but Moynihan's snoutish face, outlined on the grey 
light, was impassive. My coffin shall be black, Six angels at my back, Two to 
sing and two to pray And two to carry my soul away. 

Stephen, raising his terror-stricken face, saw that his father's eyes were full 
of tears. 

--Um, Cranly answered, holding out what remained of the half chewed fig and 
jerking it towards the squat student's mouth in sign that he should eat. Rody 
Kickham held the ball by its greasy lace. Nasty Roche had big hands. He called 
the Friday pudding dog-in-the-blanket. 

Two nights after his friends came to see him. 

“It doesn’t pain you now?” asked Mr M’Coy. 

“I remember reading,” said Mr Cunningham, “that one of Pope Leo’s poems 
was on the invention of the photograph--in Latin, of course. “That’ll be 
the most convenient place. ” 

“But we mustn’t be late,” said Mr Power earnestly, “because it is sure 
to be crammed to the doors. 

“O no, sir!” cried the girl, following him. Each of his senses was brought 
under a rigorous discipline. In one of these trimly built cars was a party of 
four young men whose spirits seemed to be at present well above the level of 
successful Gallicism: in fact, these four young men were almost hilarious. He 
longed to be alone with her. Supreme Judge, from His sentence there will be and 
can be no appeal. He calls the just to His side, bidding them enter into the 
kingdom, the eternity of bliss prepared for them. 

--Do you think so? asked Mr Dedalus. “They believe in enjoying life--and 
don’t you think they’re right? If you want to enjoy yourself properly you 
must go to Paris. And, mind you, they’ve a great feeling for the Irish there. 
When they heard I was from Ireland they were ready to eat me, man. A low murmur 
of curiosity ran round the chapel at the discovery of this girlish figure. A 
broad-shouldered student with a moustache was cutting in the letters with a 
jack-knife, seriously. 

Such moments passed and the wasting fires of lust sprang up again. I'll tell 
McGlade you're not well. 

Without waiting for his father's questions he ran across the road and began to 
walk at breakneck speed down the hill. Just as in dead bodies worms are 
engendered by putrefaction, so in the souls of the lost there arises a 
perpetual remorse from the putrefaction of sin, the sting of conscience, the 
worm, as Pope Innocent the Third calls it, of the triple sting. Introduction. 
Father polite and observant. But the worst of all was Fleming's theme because 
the pages were stuck together by a blot: and Father Arnall held it up by a 
corner and said it was an insult to any master to send him up such a theme. And 
if the minister did it he would go to the rector: and the rector to the 
provincial: and the provincial to the general of the jesuits. 

Eileen had long thin cool white hands too because she was a girl. Only he 
doesn't know it. ” 

“Out from the mansion of his forefathers,” continued Gabriel, “he drove 
with Johnny. 

“Very well, then,” said Ignatius Gallaher, “let us have another one as a 
_deoc an doruis_--that’s good vernacular for a small whisky, I believe. 

At the corner of Hume Street a young woman was standing. 

Aunt Kate and Gabriel laughed too. The squalid scene composed itself around 
him; the common accents, the burning gas-jets in the shops, odours of fish and 
spirits and wet sawdust, moving men and women. He stood still, gazing fixedly 
at the head upon the pile of papers. 

Everyone had respect for poor Martin Cunningham. There was grace and mystery in 
her attitude as if she were a symbol of something. Lizzie Fleming said Maria 
was sure to get the ring and, though Fleming had said that for so many Hallow 
Eves, Maria had to laugh and say she didn’t want any ring or man either; and 
when she laughed her grey-green eyes sparkled with disappointed shyness and the 
tip of her nose nearly met the tip of her chin. Then Ginger Mooney lifted up 
her mug of tea and proposed Maria’s health while all the other women 
clattered with their mugs on the table, and said she was sorry she hadn’t a 
sup of porter to drink it in. Ségouin, perhaps, would not think it a great sum 
but Jimmy who, in spite of temporary errors, was at heart the inheritor of 
solid instincts knew well with what difficulty it had been got together. This 
knowledge had previously kept his bills within the limits of reasonable 
recklessness, and, if he had been so conscious of the labour latent in money 
when there had been question merely of some freak of the higher intelligence, 
how much more so now when he was about to stake the greater part of his 
substance! It was a serious thing for him. Began in Italian and ended in pidgin 
English. Subject: B. V. M. D. G. On the first line of the page appeared the 
title of the verses he was trying to write: To E-- C--. He mounted the steps 
from the garden in haste, eager that some prey should not elude him, and forced 
his way through the crowd in the hall and past the two jesuits who stood 
watching the exodus and bowing and shaking hands with the visitors. A 
remembrance of some of his lines made a sudden flush rise to his painted 
cheeks. The rivals were school friends. 

--Pothead! Cranly said with calm contempt. I was born to be a monk. ” 

“And did he go home?” asked Gabriel. “It’s six of one and half-a-dozen 
of the other. ” 

“The opera, is it?” said Mr Kernan. Now that the hall-door was closed the 
voice and the piano could be heard more clearly. When he saw Freddy Malins 
coming across the room to visit his mother Gabriel left the chair free for him 
and retired into the embrasure of the window. I was quite bad. I could not call 
my wandering thoughts together. 

--Yes, said Cecil Thunder, and the prefect of studies was in second of grammar 
this morning. He stated that the deceased was his wife. Then in the dark and 
unseen by the other two he rested the tips of the fingers of one hand upon the 
palm of the other hand, scarcely touching it lightly. Nobody could find the 
nutcrackers and Joe was nearly getting cross over it and asked how did they 
expect Maria to crack nuts without a nutcracker. But Maria said she didn’t 
like nuts and that they weren’t to bother about her. The eyes see the thing, 
without having wished first to see. A horde of grimy children populated the 
street. He had loose red-brown hair and tender shapely strong freckled hands. 
He hoped Mr Alleyne would not discover that the last two letters were missing. 
Soon he would sleep. 

He had written verses for her again after ten years. 

--My signature is of no account, he said politely. The gossip of his 
fellow-students which strove to render the flat life of the college significant 
at any cost loved to think of him as a young fenian. They passed the farmhouse 
of the Jolly Farmer. But their souls were seen by God; and if their souls were 
in a state of grace they were radiant to see: and God loved them, seeing them. 
Stephen's heart was beating and fluttering. 

The rector went on gravely: 

--You are all familiar with the story of the life of saint Francis Xavier, I 
suppose, the patron of your college. 

--The church calls him a saint, Stephen objected. 

The phrase and the day and the scene harmonized in a chord. 

Our broken cries and mournful lays Rise in one eucharistic hymn Are you not 
weary of ardent ways? 

While sacrificing hands upraise The chalice flowing to the brim. 

--Goethe and Lessing, said Donovan, have written a lot on that subject, the 
classical school and the romantic school and all that. Mr Alleyne and Miss 
Delacour were standing outside the counter and all the clerks had turn round in 
anticipation of something. 

“That’s a nice lady!” he said. But if you wait a minute I’ll send round 
to Fogarty’s at the corner. Listening tonight to the names of all those great 
singers of the past it seemed to me, I must confess, that we were living in a 
less spacious age. Those days might, without exaggeration, be called spacious 
days: and if they are gone beyond recall let us hope, at least, that in 
gatherings such as this we shall still speak of them with pride and affection, 
still cherish in our hearts the memory of those dead and gone great ones whose 
fame the world will not willingly let die. Gabriel’s warm trembling fingers 
tapped the cold pane of the window. Midway down they were held up by Mary Jane, 
who replenished them with raspberry or orange jelly or with blancmange and jam. 
The pudding was of Aunt Julia’s making and she received praises for it from 
all quarters. He was dressed in loose grey clothes and had tan boots. The shop 
was very quiet. 

The patting at once grew louder in encouragement and then ceased altogether. 
When he awoke the train had passed out of Mallow and his father was stretched 
asleep on the other seat. I ran to the hall, seized my books and followed her. 
‘y na’e is Kernan. ” 

The shock and the incipient pain had partly sobered him. “I think her voice 
has greatly improved. Crofton and I were in the back of the. . . . . . ? 



He repeated to himself the lines of Shelley's fragment. 

--Um, Cranly said as before. It's like gunpowder, by God. Do you use a holder? 

--I don't smoke, answered Stephen. ” 

“Do you hear me now?. He had the body taken to the waiting-room pending the 
arrival of the ambulance. They pressed upon his brain as upon his lips as 
though they were the vehicle of a vague speech; and between them he felt an 
unknown and timid pressure, darker than the swoon of sin, softer than sound or 
odour. And the voices say with them: We are your kinsmen. 

--I will take the risk, said Stephen. 1 D. Coat. 3 Articles and White. 1 Man's 
Pants. Coat. 3 Articles and White. 1 Man's Pants. Coat. 3 Articles and White. 1 
Man's Pants. 

Then he put them aside and gazed thoughtfully at the lid of the box, speckled 
with louse marks, and asked vaguely: 

--How much is the clock fast now? 

His mother straightened the battered alarm clock that was lying on its side in 
the middle of the mantelpiece until its dial showed a quarter to twelve and 
then laid it once more on its side. 

--The church calls him a saint, Stephen objected. Get it out in bits! 

Temple turned right and left, making sudden feeble gestures as he spoke. 

--I'm a ballocks, he said, shaking his head in despair. 

While sweetly, gently, secretly, The flowery bells of morn are stirred And the 
wise choirs of faery Begin (innumerous!) to be heard. One answered: 

--Goneboro toboro lookboro atboro aboro houseboro. 

After that they lived apart. 

“Not at all,” said Mr Power. 

--Perhaps you can tell me, he said, why he pours his soul so freely into my 
ear. The figure of that dark avenger stood forth in his mind for whatever he 
had heard or divined in childhood of the strange and terrible. 

His imagination had so abstracted him that his name was called twice before he 
answered. Then he nodded familiarly to it and waved his hand. There were plenty 
of strangers down too. There were holly and ivy round the pierglass and holly 
and ivy, green and red, twined round the chandeliers. Yet eternity had no end. 
Meek and abased by this consciousness of the one eternal omnipresent perfect 
reality his soul took up again her burden of pieties, masses and prayers and 
sacraments and mortifications, and only then for the first time since he had 
brooded on the great mystery of love did he feel within him a warm movement 
like that of some newly born life or virtue of the soul itself. The attitude of 
rapture in sacred art, the raised and parted hands, the parted lips and eyes as 
of one about to swoon, became for him an image of the soul in prayer, 
humiliated and faint before her Creator. 

“God help me,” he said, smiling, “it’s the doctor’s orders. 
Good-night, Mrs Conroy. Good-night, Aunt Julia. ” 

“O, good-night, Gretta, I didn’t see you. ” 

“I often told Julia,” said Aunt Kate emphatically, “that she was simply 
thrown away in that choir. 

“Thats a nice how-do-you-do,” said Mr O’Connor. She seemed to him so 
frail that he longed to defend her against something and then to be alone with 
her. Her eyes gave him no sign of love or farewell or recognition. Her husband 
was captain of a mercantile boat plying between Dublin and Holland; and they 
had one child. From her hands and wrists too as she lit and steadied her candle 
a faint perfume arose. It is peopled by the images of fabulous kings, set in 
stone. I tried to unite my will with the will of God instant by instant. Damn 
the dean of studies and his funnel! What did he come here for to teach us his 
own language or to learn it from us. I’m deuced glad, I can tell you, to get 
back to the old country. ” 

Gabriel went to the stairs and listened over the banisters. 

“We’re all going to make a retreat together and confess our sins--and God 
knows we want it badly. His hands were trembling and his soul trembled as he 
heard the priest pass with the ciborium from communicant to communicant. His 
thoughts were lice born of the sweat of sloth. 

A few light taps upon the pane made him turn to the window. Tierney, P. L. G. 
On the first line of the page appeared the title of the verses he was trying to 
write: To E-- C--. His cheekbones also gave his face a harsh character; but 
there was no harshness in the eyes which, looking at the world from under their 
tawny eyebrows, gave the impression of a man ever alert to greet a redeeming 
instinct in others but often disappointed. Once you are married you are done 
for, it said. 

A powerful-looking figure, the upper part of which was draped with a white 
surplice, was observed to be struggling into the pulpit. 

He used the phrase broadly and loudly as he often used technical expressions, 
as if he wished his hearer to understand that they were used by him without 
conviction. He scarcely knew what he was eating, feeling her beside him alone, 
at night, in the sleeping house. 

That was why the fellows seemed to him smaller and farther away and the 
goalposts so thin and far and the soft grey sky so high up. ,” said Mr 
Cunningham, “was one of the lights of the age. His great idea, you know, was 
the union of the Latin and Greek Churches. Most people considered Lenehan a 
leech but, in spite of this reputation, his adroitness and eloquence had always 
prevented his friends from forming any general policy against him. He had a 
brave manner of coming up to a party of them in a bar and of holding himself 
nimbly at the borders of the company until he was included in a round. Then 
replacing the jar in the locker he poured a little of the whisky into two 
glasses, added a little water and came back with them to the fireplace. 

--But I told him I broke them, sir, and he pandied me. 

“Why don’t you put him to something?” 

“Sure, amn’t I never done at the drunken bowsy ever since he left school? 
‘I won’t keep you,’ I says. For him there was nothing amusing in a girl's 
interest and regard. To compete with phrasemongers, incapable of thinking 
consecutively for sixty seconds? To submit himself to the criticisms of an 
obtuse middle class which entrusted its morality to policemen and its fine arts 
to impresarios? 

He went often to her little cottage outside Dublin; often they spent their 
evenings alone. 

Stephen raised his hat in acknowledgement. 

“I’ ‘ery ‘uch o’liged to you, sir,” said the injured man. Stephen's 
heart began slowly to fold and fade with fear like a withering flower. 

--Any boys want flogging here, Father Arnall? cried the prefect of studies. 
Miss Ivors promptly took his hand in a warm grasp and said in a soft friendly 
tone: 

“Of course, I was only joking. The baritone was asked what did he think of 
Mrs Kearney’s conduct. Was it the raw reddish glow he had so often seen on 
wintry mornings on the shaven gills of the priests? The face was eyeless and 
sour-favoured and devout, shot with pink tinges of suffocated anger. That was 
to kiss. But they were very holy peasants. Mr Harford went to and fro making 
little signs in red pencil and sometimes sitting beside the boy to show him how 
to hold his pen. It would be splendid for Gretta too if she’d come. That was 
a smell of air and rain and turf and corduroy. Every rat had two eyes to look 
out of. 

The door closed behind him. And therefore the air was silent save for one soft 
hiss that fell. 

He began to beat the frayed end of his ashplant against the base of a pillar. 
“To feed and clothe these ignorant bostooms. I didn’t think you were a West 
Briton. ” 

“Strange,” said Mr Bartell D’Arcy. 

“O, it’s only two steps up the quay. 

--Perhaps you can tell me, he said, why he pours his soul so freely into my 
ear. Our day will come yet, believe me. But the sulphurous brimstone which 
burns in hell is a substance which is specially designed to burn for ever and 
for ever with unspeakable fury. Mrs Donnelly told her husband it was a great 
shame for him to speak that way of his own flesh and blood but Joe said that 
Alphy was no brother of his and there was nearly being a row on the head of it. 
She had spared neither trouble nor expense and this was how she was repaid. To 
keep the audience continually diverted she slipped the doubtful items in 
between the old favourites. Gabriel applauded loudly with all the others at the 
close of the song and loud applause was borne in from the invisible 
supper-table. He looked down into the street in order that his emotion might 
calm a little. It was nothing, he said: only a little accident. Why did you 
sin? Why did you lend an ear to the temptings of friends? Why did you turn 
aside from your pious practices and good works? Why did you not shun the 
occasions of sin? Why did you not leave that evil companion? Why did you not 
give up that lewd habit, that impure habit? Why did you not listen to the 
counsels of your confessor? Why did you not, even after you had fallen the 
first or the second or the third or the fourth or the hundredth time, repent of 
your evil ways and turn to God who only waited for your repentance to absolve 
you of your sins? Now the time for repentance has gone by. Broke my glasses! An 
old schoolboy trick! Out with your hand this moment! 

Stephen closed his eyes and held out in the air his trembling hand with the 
palm upwards. He felt the prefect of studies touch it for a moment at the 
fingers to straighten it and then the swish of the sleeve of the soutane as the 
pandybat was lifted to strike. They must have gone home by another way. The air 
of the late March evening made clear their flight, their dark quivering bodies 
flying clearly against the sky as against a limp-hung cloth of smoky tenuous 
blue. She herself said that it was not quite brown enough. He held a programme 
in his hand and, while he was talking to her, he chewed one end of it into a 
moist pulp. ” 

I knew that I was under observation so I continued eating as if the news had 
not interested me. I say, one and all,” he added with gruff charity and 
turning to Mr Power. 

But he did neither: and, when he was sitting alone in the deserted tram, he 
tore his ticket into shreds and stared gloomily at the corrugated footboard. 
When they had passed into the great hall and stood at the counter Stephen drew 
forth his orders on the governor of the bank of Ireland for thirty and three 
pounds; and these sums, the moneys of his exhibition and essay prize, were paid 
over to him rapidly by the teller in notes and in coin respectively. . ” 

“But who knows?” said Ignatius Gallaher considerately. The old man began to 
rake more cinders together. 

Mr Doran was very anxious indeed this Sunday morning. But why? Her passage 
through the darkening air or the verse with its black vowels and its opening 
sound, rich and lutelike? 

He walked away slowly towards the deeper shadows at the end of the colonnade, 
beating the stone softly with his stick to hide his revery from the students 
whom he had left: and allowed his mind to summon back to itself the age of 
Dowland and Byrd and Nash. You're a born sneerer, Stevie. Hurry up, you better. 

--Who knows? said Stephen, smiling. He was excited and breathless. In the end 
he would give her the money and ask her had she any intention of buying 
Sunday’s dinner. Amen. 

The preacher took a chainless watch from a pocket within his soutane and, 
having considered its dial for a moment in silence, placed it silently before 
him on the table. 

Mr Dedalus threw his knife and fork noisily on his plate. “He’s really 
terrible. The poor child! And she simply hates the sight of it!. The first 
tenor and the baritone arrived together. He understood also why the servants 
had often whispered together in the hall and why his father had often stood on 
the hearthrug with his back to the fire, talking loudly to uncle Charles who 
urged him to sit down and eat his dinner. Even once was a mortal sin. In a 
whisper Mr Cunningham drew Mr Kernan’s attention to Mr Harford, the 
moneylender, who sat some distance off, and to Mr Fanning, the registration 
agent and mayor maker of the city, who was sitting immediately under the pulpit 
beside one of the newly elected councillors of the ward. When we speak of 
beauty in the second sense of the term our judgement is influenced in the first 
place by the art itself and by the form of that art. Farrington looked very 
serious and determined. The oblique staring expression in them fascinated him. 
He saw himself rising in the cold of the morning and filing down with the 
others to early mass and trying vainly to struggle with his prayers against the 
fainting sickness of his stomach. The sudden flight from the comfort and revery 
of Blackrock, the passage through the gloomy foggy city, the thought of the 
bare cheerless house in which they were now to live made his heart heavy, and 
again an intuition, a foreknowledge of the future came to him. The noise of 
children at play annoyed him and their silly voices made him feel, even more 
keenly than he had felt at Clongowes, that he was different from others. Before 
the fire an old woman was busy making tea and, as she bustled at the task, she 
told in a low voice of what the priest and the doctor had said. He was in 
another world: he had awakened from a slumber of centuries. 

“O, pa!” he cried. But in a moment his sadness left him and he was hotly 
disputing with Cranly and the two players who had finished their game. She 
looked at him from under her brows for a moment quizzically until he smiled. 
” 

Mr Holohan pointed desperately towards the hall where the audience was clapping 
and stamping. 

He returned to his desk in the lower office and counted the sheets which 
remained to be copied. Stephen heard but could feel no pity. The episode ended 
well, for both Heron and Wallis laughed indulgently at the irreverence. And lo, 
the supreme judge is coming! No longer the lowly Lamb of God, no longer the 
meek Jesus of Nazareth, no longer the Man of Sorrows, no longer the Good 
Shepherd, He is seen now coming upon the clouds, in great power and majesty, 
attended by nine choirs of angels, angels and archangels, principalities, 
powers and virtues, thrones and dominations, cherubim and seraphim, God 
Omnipotent, God Everlasting. 

--Give us that stick here, Cranly said. He stared before him out of his dark 
flaming eyes, repeating: 

--Away with God, I say! 

Dante shoved her chair violently aside and left the table, upsetting her 
napkin-ring which rolled slowly along the carpet and came to rest against the 
foot of an easy-chair. No memory of the past touched him, for his mind was full 
of a present joy. 

My aunt waited until Eliza sighed and then said: 

“Ah, well, he’s gone to a better world. 

--A girl got into a hansom a few days ago, he went on, in London. Mrs Kearney, 
with her husband and daughter, arrived at the Antient Concert Rooms 
three-quarters of an hour before the time at which the concert was to begin. 
Therefore she was not surprised when one day Mr Holohan came to her and 
proposed that her daughter should be the accompanist at a series of four grand 
concerts which his Society was going to give in the Antient Concert Rooms. 

Mr Bell laughed at his fellow-sufferer, held out his hand and said: 

“Shake!” 

Mrs Kearney passed by these two young men and went to the edge of the screen to 
view the house. 

There, where the gay winds stay to woo The young leaves as they pass, My love 
goes slowly, bending to Her shadow on the grass; 

And where the sky's a pale blue cup Over the laughing land, My love goes 
lightly, holding up Her dress with dainty hand. The veiled autumnal evenings 
led him from street to street as they had led him years before along the quiet 
avenues of Blackrock. 

--Good evening, gentlemen, said the stubble-grown monkeyish face. 

He wished the details of the incident to remain vague. “Good-night, Mrs 
Kernan. ” 





Mrs Kernan’s puzzled eyes watched the car till it was out of sight. But Miss 
Ivors, who had put on her hat and was buttoning her cloak, would not stay. 
Hurry up and finish the first part. 

--He's coming now, said Heron to the messenger with a haughty drawl, when he 
wants to. 

--Do you fear then, Cranly asked, that the God of the Roman catholics would 
strike you dead and damn you if you made a sacrilegious communion? 

--The God of the Roman catholics could do that now, Stephen said. He would be 
at one with others and with God. 

Now that he was alone his face looked older. I needn’t tell you, Martin, what 
kind of men they are. _ 

But no one tried to show her her mistake; and when she had ended her song Joe 
was very much moved. . 

His father told him that story: his father looked at him through a glass: he 
had a hairy face. We want no lazy idle loafers here, lazy idle little schemers. 
Away with God! 

--Blasphemer! Devil! screamed Dante, starting to her feet and almost spitting 
in his face. 

Uncle Charles and Mr Dedalus pulled Mr Casey back into his chair again, talking 
to him from both sides reasonably. It gave him an intense sense of power to 
know that he could, by a single act of consent, in a moment of thought, undo 
all that he had done. But soon the gas would be lit and in burning it made a 
light noise like a little song. And on that day may Erin well Pledge in the cup 
she lifts to Joy One grief--the memory of Parnell. They were like poetry but 
they were only sentences to learn the spelling from. When they were grown up he 
was going to marry Eileen. The cold light of the dawn lay over the country, 
over the unpeopled fields and the closed cottages. Statues of women, if Lynch 
be right, should always be fully draped, one hand of the woman feeling 
regretfully her own hinder parts. 

APRIL 6, LATER. 

Cranly smiled and said kindly: 

--The captain has only one love: sir Walter Scott. I'm old enough to be his 
grandfather. But that's you all out. 

“There’s a lineal descendant of Major Sirr for you if you like! O, the 
heart’s blood of a patriot! That’s a fellow now that’d sell his country 
for fourpence--ay--and go down on his bended knees and thank the Almighty 
Christ he had a country to sell. Isn't that so, captain? 

--What are you reading now, captain? Dixon asked. THE BRIDE OF LAMMERMOOR? 

--I love old Scott, the flexible lips said, I think he writes something lovely. 
There is no writer can touch sir Walter Scott. Polly began to grow a little 
strange in her manner and the young man was evidently perturbed. She sang: 



_I’m a. 

Few people passed. The recollection brightened his eyes. One got the 
prayer-book and the other three got the water; and when one of the next-door 
girls got the ring Mrs Donnelly shook her finger at the blushing girl as much 
as to say: _O, I know all about it!_ They insisted then on blindfolding Maria 
and leading her up to the table to see what she would get; and, while they were 
putting on the bandage, Maria laughed and laughed again till the tip of her 
nose nearly met the tip of her chin. Oh, honest to God, if the crook of it 
caught him that time he was done for. 

--I am glad he escaped, Stephen had said with a laugh, but surely that's not 
the strange thing that happened you? 

--Well, I suppose that doesn't interest you, but leastways there was such noise 
after the match that I missed the train home and I couldn't get any kind of a 
yoke to give me a lift for, as luck would have it, there was a mass meeting 
that same day over in Castletownroche and all the cars in the country were 
there. 

He produced his match and began to clean the crevice between two teeth. 

--Why then, said Mr Casey, it is a most instructive story. Lazy little schemer. 
I see schemer in your face. A voice asked who was there and I answered I was 
over at the match in Buttevant and was walking back and that I'd be thankful 
for a glass of water. 

No escape. He sat looking at the two prints of butter on his plate but could 
not eat the damp bread. They had been married for twenty-two years and had 
lived happily until about two years ago when his wife began to be rather 
intemperate in her habits. But their progress across the gravel was brought to 
a halt after every dozen or so paces by some reply of the porter's. She did not 
feel in the least hungry and she had already overstayed her time. It is a 
beautiful evening now in heaven. 

He turned back the way he had come, the rhythm of the engine pounding in his 
ears. A power, akin to that which had often made anger or resentment fall from 
him, brought his steps to rest. It was slushy underfoot; and only streaks and 
patches of snow lay on the roofs, on the parapets of the quay and on the area 
railings. 

Through this image he had a glimpse of a strange dark cavern of speculation but 
at once turned away from it, feeling that it was not yet the hour to enter it. 

--Mr Cranly! 

A smile flew across Stephen's face as he thought of his friend's studies. He 
said that my friend was a very rough boy and asked did he get whipped often at 
school. He walked through the bleak alleys where they had walked four years 
before. This, it seemed, was the only love and that the only hate his soul 
would harbour. 

The second pain which will afflict the souls of the damned in hell is the pain 
of conscience. A skull appeared suspended in the gloom of the doorway. The 
rivals were school friends. He smiled to think that it was this disorder, the 
misrule and confusion of his father's house and the stagnation of vegetable 
life, which was to win the day in his soul. But to drink the altar wine out of 
the press and be found out by the smell was a sin too: but it was not terrible 
and strange. All at once the idea struck him that perhaps Corley had seen her 
home by another way and given him the slip. Wells too would be there but no 
fellow would look at him. The rector would be there in a cope of black and gold 
and there would be tall yellow candles on the altar and round the catafalque. 
No! They wouldn’t have it!” 

“Ha!” said Mr M’Coy. 

“And they were a German cardinal by the name of Dolling. But not there in the 
chapel of the college. For her only one reparation could make up for the loss 
of her daughter’s honour: marriage. It leads you out of the maze into a new 
gaudy lecture-room where MacCann, with one hand on THE ORIGIN OF SPECIES and 
the other hand on the new testament, tells you that you admired the great 
flanks of Venus because you felt that she would bear you burly offspring and 
admired her great breasts because you felt that she would give good milk to her 
children and yours. It was an elfin prelude, endless and formless; and, as it 
grew wilder and faster, the flames leaping out of time, he seemed to hear from 
under the boughs and grasses wild creatures racing, their feet pattering like 
rain upon the leaves. 

Through this image he had a glimpse of a strange dark cavern of speculation but 
at once turned away from it, feeling that it was not yet the hour to enter it. 

--Why is he not writing, Father Arnall? 

--He broke his glasses, said Father Arnall, and I exempted him from work. 

A long dray laden with old iron came round the corner of Sir Patrick Dun's 
hospital covering the end of Stephen's speech with the harsh roar of jangled 
and rattling metal. All through his boyhood he had mused upon that which he had 
so often thought to be his destiny and when the moment had come for him to obey 
the call he had turned aside, obeying a wayward instinct. Anywhere you like. 
The outhouse will do me nicely: it will be more salubrious. The spittle in his 
throat grew bitter and foul to swallow and the faint sickness climbed to his 
brain so that for a moment he closed his eyes and walked on in darkness. When 
it had ceased all the auditors drank from their bottles in silence. We revenged 
ourselves on Leo Dillon by saying what a funk he was and guessing how many he 
would get at three o’clock from Mr Ryan. Mahony, at last, jumped down and 
said: 

“Come along. I knew Fatty’d funk it. 

--It is called a tundish in Lower Drumcondra, said Stephen, laughing, where 
they speak the best English. He stood up to put on his coat and waistcoat, more 
helpless than ever. He is said to have baptized as many as ten thousand 
idolaters in one month. Four young men, who had come from the refreshment-room 
to stand in the doorway at the sound of the piano, had gone away quietly in 
couples after a few minutes. The only persons who seemed to follow the music 
were Mary Jane herself, her hands racing along the key-board or lifted from it 
at the pauses like those of a priestess in momentary imprecation, and Aunt Kate 
standing at her elbow to turn the page. Dante gave him a cachou every time he 
brought her a piece of tissue paper. 

The Vances lived in number seven. 

--Because there is a thigh in it, he said. I wouldn’t like to face your 
journey home at this hour. I admire the mind of man independent of all 
religions. I say-- 

Lynch halted and said bluntly: 

--Stop! I won't listen! I am sick. P. _ 

The reading of the card persuaded me that he was dead and I was disturbed to 
find myself at check. . . . ?” I said. “Do you know what my private and 
candid opinion is about some of those little jokers? I believe half of them are 
in the pay of the Castle. ” 

“There’s no knowing,” said the old man. Good-night, Miss O’Callaghan. 
” 

“Good-night, Miss Morkan. 

The girl, seeing that he had gained the stairs, called out after him: 

“Well, thank you, sir. When they reached Stephen’s Green they crossed the 
road. I had to call the name again before Mahony saw me and hallooed in answer. 
After an intolerable delay the train moved out of the station slowly. He was 
sober, thrifty and pious; he went to the altar every first Friday, sometimes 
with her, oftener by himself. 

--Sorry! Sorry! O sorry! 

The slide clicked back and his heart bounded in his breast. Tell me now what is 
CLARITAS and you win the cigar. 

--And if you got nothing, would you rob? 

--You wish me to say, Stephen answered, that the rights of property are 
provisional, and that in certain circumstances it is not unlawful to rob. But 
she would show them their mistake. What birds were they? He thought that they 
must be swallows who had come back from the south. It must be. Even as he 
raised his large trembling hand to his nose little clouds of smoke dribbled 
through his fingers over the front of his coat. No, no; she could not. He was 
not foxing. The sudden flight from the comfort and revery of Blackrock, the 
passage through the gloomy foggy city, the thought of the bare cheerless house 
in which they were now to live made his heart heavy, and again an intuition, a 
foreknowledge of the future came to him. The lower teeth and gums were covered 
with clotted blood and a minute piece of the tongue seemed to have been bitten 
off. That was because he was thinking of his own father. ” 

She thought she would have to stand in the Drumcondra tram because none of the 
young men seemed to notice her but an elderly gentleman made room for her. “I 
never even heard of him. . rrm. . . And when I ask when my daughter is going to 
be paid I can’t get a civil answer. Ernest was dead and Harry, who was in the 
church decorating business, was nearly always down somewhere in the country. 
Her father was becoming old lately, she noticed; he would miss her. 

Her husband called after her: 

“Nothing for poor little hubby!” 

He assumed such a comical face and voice that the distribution of the bottles 
of stout took place amid general merriment. 

Stephen glanced up quickly but Moynihan's snoutish face, outlined on the grey 
light, was impassive. The fog had begun to chill him and he wondered could he 
touch Pat in O’Neill’s. Here was congenial ground for all. 

He heaped up the food on Stephen's plate and served uncle Charles and Mr Casey 
to large pieces of turkey and splashes of sauce. The bass and the second tenor 
had already come. ” 

Mr Browne took another sip of his whisky and said, with sidling mimicry: 

“Well, you see, I’m like the famous Mrs Cassidy, who is reported to have 
said: ‘Now, Mary Grimes, if I don’t take it, make me take it, for I feel I 
want it. 

“We were waiting for him to come home with the money. He thought that he was 
sick in his heart if you could be sick in that place. He had fallen on his feet 
in Buenos Ayres, he said, and had come over to the old country just for a 
holiday. Had it been any terrible crime but that one sin! Had it been murder! 
Little fiery flakes fell and touched him at all points, shameful thoughts, 
shameful words, shameful acts. Or he would write a letter for the priest to 
bring. The feelings excited by improper art are kinetic, desire or loathing. A 
little troop of Neapolitan peasants were practising their steps at the end of 
the chapel, some circling their arms above their heads, some swaying their 
baskets of paper violets and curtsying. 

The university! So he had passed beyond the challenge of the sentries who had 
stood as guardians of his boyhood and had sought to keep him among them that he 
might be subject to them and serve their ends. What was their languid grace but 
the softness of chambering? And what was their shimmer but the shimmer of the 
scum that mantled the cesspool of the court of a slobbering Stuart. The 
threadbare phrases, the inane expressions of sympathy, the cautious words of a 
reporter won over to conceal the details of a commonplace vulgar death attacked 
his stomach. A little hand-mirror hung above the washstand and during the day a 
white-shaded lamp stood as the sole ornament of the mantelpiece. The bed was 
clothed with white bedclothes and a black and scarlet rug covered the foot. He 
entered the Park by the first gate and walked along under the gaunt trees. I 
was silent. I kept her brown figure always in my eye and, when we came near the 
point at which our ways diverged, I quickened my pace and passed her. I will 
ask you now, all of you, to repeat after me the act of contrition, kneeling 
here in this humble chapel in the presence of God. 

He turned aside and made the act of spitting. Hom! 

He gave a loud cough of laughter, smiled broadly and tugged twice at the 
straw-coloured goatee which hung from his blunt chin. 

--The next business is to sign the testimonial. I suppose it is for the good of 
the Church if the pope does it. When I reached the top of the slope I turned 
round and, without looking at him, called loudly across the field: 

“Murphy!” 

My voice had an accent of forced bravery in it and I was ashamed of my paltry 
stratagem. 

--Of course, said Lynch. ” 

“Who did you get?” asked Mr Lyons. 

“Tell me, Lily,” he said in a friendly tone, “do you still go to 
school?” 

“O no, sir,” she answered. 

From the door of Byron's public-house to the gate of Clontarf Chapel, from the 
gate of Clontail Chapel to the door of Byron's public-house and then back again 
to the chapel and then back again to the public-house he had paced slowly at 
first, planting his steps scrupulously in the spaces of the patchwork of the 
footpath, then timing their fall to the fall of verses. 

--In order to see that basket, said Stephen, your mind first of all separates 
the basket from the rest of the visible universe which is not the basket. Fill 
it out, you, Maggy. 

When the enamelled basin had been fitted into the well of the sink and the old 
washing glove flung on the side of it he allowed his mother to scrub his neck 
and root into the folds of his ears and into the interstices at the wings of 
his nose. 

Cranly did not answer. But, temporal or spatial, the esthetic image is first 
luminously apprehended as selfbounded and selfcontained upon the immeasurable 
background of space or time which is not it. His parents went to 
eight-o’clock mass every morning in Gardiner Street and the peaceful odour of 
Mrs Dillon was prevalent in the hall of the house. There were so many different 
moods and impressions that he wished to express in verse. It made you feel so 
happy. It was a terrible and a sad thing to sin. Even as he raised his large 
trembling hand to his nose little clouds of smoke dribbled through his fingers 
over the front of his coat. 

He remained standing with his two companions at the end of the shed listening 
idly to their talk or to the bursts of applause in the theatre. Let us have the 
story anyhow. Death, a cause of terror to the sinner, is a blessed moment for 
him who has walked in the right path, fulfilling the duties of his station in 
life, attending to his morning and evening prayers, approaching the holy 
sacrament frequently and performing good and merciful works. 

Mr H. 

At the corner of Hume Street a young woman was standing. “That’s history. 
It’s some of those secular priests, ignorant, bumptious----” 

“They’re all good men,” said Mr Cunningham, “each in his own way. ” 

“Very well,” said Little Chandler, “the next time you come we must have 
an evening together. ” 

“Yes. 

“Well, I couldn’t go over while he was talking to Alderman Cowley. 

--To wit? said Lynch. “That’s the latest. It’s some of those secular 
priests, ignorant, bumptious----” 

“They’re all good men,” said Mr Cunningham, “each in his own way. I’m 
a great fellow fol-the-diddle-I-do. ” 

Gabriel went to the stairs and listened over the banisters. I mentioned Father 
Burke’s name. The fancy came to me that the old priest was smiling as he lay 
there in his coffin. They halted too on the steps below him. 

In Jimmy’s house this dinner had been pronounced an occasion. When we met in 
the street the houses had grown sombre. I mixed with fine decent fellows. 

--The more shame to you now, Dante said, to speak as you do. We have had too 
much God In Ireland. _Kernan_, he said, _we worship at different altars_, he 
said, _but our belief is the same_. Struck me as very well put. ” 

“There’s a good deal in that,” said Mr Power. “Is it John of Tuam?” 

“Are you sure of that now?” asked Mr Fogarty dubiously. A few steps behind 
her were Mr Bartell D’Arcy and Miss O’Callaghan. But Corley’s brow was 
soon smooth again. 

--I may not have his talent, said Stephen quietly. They spoke of two friends 
who had passed the final medical examination, of the chances of getting places 
on ocean liners, of poor and rich practices. And the voices say with them: We 
are your kinsmen. 

Then Brother Michael was going away and the fellow out of the third of grammar 
told him to be sure and come back and tell him all the news in the paper. He 
mistrusted the turbulence and doubted the sincerity of such comradeship which 
seemed to him a sorry anticipation of manhood. There were four French delegates 
in a brake and one, a plump smiling young man, held, wedged on a stick, a card 
on which were printed the words: VIVE L'IRLANDE! 

But the trees in Stephen's Green were fragrant of rain and the rain-sodden 
earth gave forth its mortal odour, a faint incense rising upward through the 
mould from many hearts. Somebody said something about the garden, and at last 
Mrs Donnelly said something very cross to one of the next-door girls and told 
her to throw it out at once: that was no play. Maria understood that it was 
wrong that time and so she had to do it over again: and this time she got the 
prayer-book. ” 

But Maria said she had brought something special for papa and mamma, something 
they would be sure to like, and she began to look for her plumcake. The boldest 
said: 

“O, now, Mr Browne, I’m sure the doctor never ordered anything of the kind. 
His prayer, addressed neither to God nor saint, began with a shiver, as the 
chilly morning breeze crept through the chink of the carriage door to his feet, 
and ended in a trail of foolish words which he made to fit the insistent rhythm 
of the train; and silently, at intervals of four seconds, the telegraph-poles 
held the galloping notes of the music between punctual bars. The children, 
wearing the spoils of their crackers, danced and romped noisily and, though he 
tried to share their merriment, he felt himself a gloomy figure amid the gay 
cocked hats and sunbonnets. The rhythm died out at once; the cry of his heart 
was broken. 

His household returned to its usual way of life. I told you that one day I 
wrote my name in pencil on the backside of the Venus of Praxiteles in the 
Museum. When you have apprehended that basket as one thing and have then 
analysed it according to its form and apprehended it as a thing you make the 
only synthesis which is logically and esthetically permissible. You talk to me 
of nationality, language, religion. O Johnny! 

He twisted his features into a grimace of heavy bestiality and made a lapping 
noise with his lips. How beautiful must be a soul in the state of grace when 
God looked upon it with love! 

Frowsy girls sat along the curbstones before their baskets. 

“True bill,” said Mr Kernan, equally gravely. Yes, do, said Cecil Thunder. 

--Yes, do. “What we want in this country, as I said to old Ward, is capital. 
The King’s coming here will mean an influx of money into this country. Soon 
all would be dark and sleeping. People said that she was very clever at music 
and a very nice girl and, moreover, that she was a believer in the language 
movement. Of course, he did mix with a rakish set of fellows at that time, 
drank freely and borrowed money on all sides. “Tell me,” he added, glancing 
first for approval to the lady beside him, “do you take me for a fool? Do you 
think me an utter fool?” 

The man glanced from the lady’s face to the little egg-shaped head and back 
again; and, almost before he was aware of it, his tongue had found a felicitous 
moment: 

“I don’t think, sir,” he said, “that that’s a fair question to put to 
me. ” 

There was a pause in the very breathing of the clerks. Then she withdrew them, 
went into the house and emptied her husband’s pockets. We went out to 
Donnybrook and I brought her into a field there. He was going to study singing 
only for his health. It was his wife. Once or twice I stopped by the way under 
a bush to redden my pipe and only for the dew was thick I'd have stretched out 
there and slept. At last, after a bend of the road, I spied a little cottage 
with a light in the window. There was a good deal of confused talk, and then Mr 
Browne got into the cab. ” 

The old man went out of the room. 

“You don’t know what’s good for you, my boy,” said Ignatius Gallaher. 
Conscious of his desire she was waking from odorous sleep, the temptress of his 
villanelle. Her eyes, dark and with a look of languor, were opening to his 
eyes. 

Are you not weary of ardent ways, Lure of the fallen seraphim? Tell no more of 
enchanted days. Both on the outward and on the homeward journey he measured 
distance by this landmark: and in his imagination he lived through a long train 
of adventures, marvellous as those in the book itself, towards the close of 
which there appeared an image of himself, grown older and sadder, standing in a 
moonlit garden with Mercedes who had so many years before slighted his love, 
and with a sadly proud gesture of refusal, saying: 

--Madam, I never eat muscatel grapes. 

He became the ally of a boy named Aubrey Mills and founded with him a gang of 
adventurers in the avenue. 

--Goethe and Lessing, said Donovan, have written a lot on that subject, the 
classical school and the romantic school and all that. The priest's voice, too, 
had a hard jingling tone. The battered silk hat was placed on the man’s head. 
His blood was in revolt. Once or twice he pulled down his cuffs with one hand 
while he held the brim of his hat lightly, but firmly, with the other hand. 

Lenehan observed them for a few minutes. Six o’clock on Christmas morning! 
And all for what?” 

“Well, isn’t it for the honour of God, Aunt Kate?” asked Mary Jane, 
twisting round on the piano-stool and smiling. 

Aunt Kate turned fiercely on her niece and said: 

“I know all about the honour of God, Mary Jane, but I think it’s not at all 
honourable for the pope to turn out the women out of the choirs that have 
slaved there all their lives and put little whipper-snappers of boys over their 
heads. We banded ourselves together, some boldly, some in jest and some almost 
in fear: and of the number of these latter, the reluctant Indians who were 
afraid to seem studious or lacking in robustness, I was one. He was going to 
study singing only for his health. Three days’ reddish beard fringed his jaws 
and every two or three minutes a mist gathered on his glasses so that he had to 
take them off and polish them with his pocket-handkerchief. 

--I am waiting for your answer, said MacCann briefly. The fire rose and fell on 
the wall. The harm was done. Heron, beside Stephen, began to hum tunelessly. 



MY EXCELLENT FRIEND BOMBADOS. He shrugged his shoulders and said: 

“How do I know? To see him, perhaps. He tried to weigh his soul to see if it 
was a poet’s soul. He seemed to be fairly old for his moustache was 
ashen-grey. Nothing stirred within his soul but a cold and cruel and loveless 
lust. His childhood was dead or lost and with it his soul capable of simple 
joys and he was drifting amid life like the barren shell of the moon. 

O bend no more in revery When he at eventide is calling. 

He assumed a thick provincial accent and said in a tone of command: 

“65, catch your cabbage!” 

Everyone laughed. I’ll follow,” called out Gabriel from the dark. . . . . . 
. . . my. . . ” 

“He’s round at the _Black Eagle_,” said Mr Henchy. Take them in, Julia, 
with Miss Daly and Miss Power. He was a long time before he got to the top. He 
could hear nothing: the night was perfectly silent. At those moments the soft 
speeches of Claude Melnotte rose to his lips and eased his unrest. 

--How long is it since your last confession, my child? 

--A long time, father. 

How sweet to lie there, Sweet to kiss, Where the great pine-forest Enaisled is! 

Thy kiss descending Sweeter were With a soft tumult Of thy hair. 





EVELINE 

SHE sat at the window watching the evening invade the avenue. 

Stephen, in the act of being led away, caught sight of MacCann's flushed 
blunt-featured face. “I’m done schooling this year and more. ” 

Miss Healy had to smile. Mr M’Coy said: 

“Father Tom Burke, that was the boy!” 

“O, Father Tom Burke,” said Mr Cunningham, “that was a born orator. 

“That’s a nice lady!” he said. “He’s really terrible. ” 

Gabriel said nothing but pointed up the stairs towards where his wife was 
standing. 

“It’ll be all right when King Eddie comes,” he said. Year after year, for 
much longer than any of you, my dear little boys, can remember or than I can 
remember, the boys of this college have met in this very chapel to make their 
annual retreat before the feast day of their patron saint. Time has gone on and 
brought with it its changes. Even in the last few years what changes can most 
of you not remember? Many of the boys who sat in those front benches a few 
years ago are perhaps now in distant lands, in the burning tropics, or immersed 
in professional duties or in seminaries, or voyaging over the vast expanse of 
the deep or, it may be, already called by the great God to another life and to 
the rendering up of their stewardship. 

He heard the choir of voices in the kitchen echoed and multiplied through an 
endless reverberation of the choirs of endless generations of children and 
heard in all the echoes an echo also of the recurring note of weariness and 
pain. Shall we not be as wise as they Though love live but a day? 







XXIV 

Silently she's combing, Combing her long hair Silently and graciously, With 
many a pretty air. 

The sun is in the willow leaves And on the dapplled grass, And still she's 
combing her long hair Before the looking-glass. Stephen watched him in silence. 
He understood little or nothing of it at first but he became slowly aware that 
his father had enemies and that some fight was going to take place. He knew 
that he would have to speak a great deal, to invent and to amuse, and his brain 
and throat were too dry for such a task. He had not intended to stay a moment 
because concerts and _artistes_ bored him considerably but he remained leaning 
against the mantelpiece. He did not know where to seek it or how, but a 
premonition which led him on told him that this image would, without any overt 
act of his, encounter him. He went from country to country in the east, from 
Africa to India, from India to Japan, baptizing the people. 

--We are all sinners and black sinners, said Mr Casey coldly. He lived in an 
old sombre house and from his windows he could look into the disused distillery 
or upwards along the shallow river on which Dublin is built. Modern business 
methods had spared him only so far as to allow him a little office in Crowe 
Street on the window blind of which was written the name of his firm with the 
address--London, E. C. On the mantelpiece of this little office a little leaden 
battalion of canisters was drawn up and on the table before the window stood 
four or five china bowls which were usually half full of a black liquid. If any 
boys have special confessors perhaps it will be better for them not to change. 

Stephen pointed to a basket which a butcher's boy had slung inverted on his 
head. 

--Did they hurt you much? Nasty Roche asked. He was neither flattered nor 
confused, but simply wished the banter to end. 

The imagery through which the nature and kinship of the Three Persons of the 
Trinity were darkly shadowed forth in the books of devotion which he read--the 
Father contemplating from all eternity as in a mirror His Divine Perfections 
and thereby begetting eternally the Eternal Son and the Holy Spirit proceeding 
out of Father and Son from all eternity--were easier of acceptance by his mind 
by reason of their august incomprehensibility than was the simple fact that God 
had loved his soul from all eternity, for ages before he had been born into the 
world, for ages before the world itself had existed. He remembered well, with 
the curious patient memory of the celibate, the first casual caresses her 
dress, her breath, her fingers had given him. 

He turned to appease the fierce longings of his heart before which everything 
else was idle and alien. 

They had to go visiting together and, as he had not answered her, Miss 

“Of course, you’ve no answer. My first cousin, Fonsy Davin, was stripped to 
his buff that day minding cool for the Limericks but he was up with the 
forwards half the time and shouting like mad. 

Eastward the gradual dawn prevails Where softly-burning fires appear, Making to 
tremble all those veils Of grey and golden gossamer. ” 

“Get behind me, Satan!” said Mr Fogarty, laughing and looking at the 
others. ” 

She laughed herself this time good-humouredly and then added quickly: 

“But tell him to come in, Mary Jane, and close the door. 

“I don’t know anything about Mr Fitzpatrick,” repeated Mrs Kearney. Now, 
aren’t you ashamed of yourself?” 

“Why should I be ashamed of myself?” asked Gabriel, blinking his eyes and 
trying to smile. So timeless seemed the grey warm air, so fluid and impersonal 
his own mood, that all ages were as one to him. And though he trembled with 
cold and fright to think of the cruel long nails and of the high whistling 
sound of the cane and of the chill you felt at the end of your shirt when you 
undressed yourself yet he felt a feeling of queer quiet pleasure inside him to 
think of the white fattish hands, clean and strong and gentle. I pray to God 
through the merits of His zealous servant Francis Xavier, that such a soul may 
be led to sincere repentance and that the holy communion on saint Francis's day 
of this year may be a lasting covenant between God and that soul. 

Stephen, preparing the words neatly in his mind, continued: 

--Jesus, too, seems to have treated his mother with scant courtesy in public 
but Suarez, a jesuit theologian and Spanish gentleman, has apologized for him. 
A group of his brothers and sisters was sitting round the table. Soon the whole 
bridge was trembling and resounding. 

He had written verses for her again after ten years. ” 

“But tell me, Gabriel,” said Aunt Kate, with brisk tact. 

“But yet,” continued Gabriel, his voice falling into a softer inflection, 
“there are always in gatherings such as this sadder thoughts that will recur 
to our minds: thoughts of the past, of youth, of changes, of absent faces that 
we miss here tonight. 

--Ah, John, he said. Why don't you learn Irish? Why did you drop out of the 
league class after the first lesson? 

--You know one reason why, answered Stephen. He could not weep. He moaned to 
himself like some baffled prowling beast. Anxiety and his swift run made him 
pant. He called out: 

“Hallo, Corley!” 

Corley turned his head to see who had called him, and then continued walking as 
before. He suffered all the pangs and thrills of his friend’s situation as 
well as those of his own. 

“I haven’t such a bad opinion of the Jesuits,” he said, intervening at 
length. 

They went down to a discreet part of the corridor. 

--I believe, continued the director, that there is some talk now among the 
capuchins themselves of doing away with it and following the example of the 
other franciscans. It surprised him however to find that at the end of his 
course of intricate piety and self-restraint he was so easily at the mercy of 
childish and unworthy imperfections. Boland, his friend, marched beside him, a 
large grin on his face, while Nash came on a few steps behind, blowing from the 
pace and wagging his great red head. 

As soon as the boys had turned into Clonliffe Road together they began to speak 
about books and writers, saying what books they were reading and how many books 
there were in their fathers' bookcases at home. 

“O, of course, nothing wrong, you know. 

--Warm weather for March, said Cranly. Ireland is the old sow that eats her 
farrow. 

Davin rose from his box and went towards the players, shaking his head sadly. 
The torment of fire is the greatest torment to which the tyrant has ever 
subjected his fellow creatures. He was the son of a hall porter in an office in 
the city and, as a boy, he had sung prolonged bass notes in the resounding 
hall. She noticed that he wore his soft brown hat carelessly on the side of his 
head and that his accent was flat. 

Her time was running out but she continued to sit by the window, leaning her 
head against the window curtain, inhaling the odour of dusty cretonne. Then he 
said: 

--Poor old Christy, he's nearly lopsided now with roguery. They had cried to 
him from the car, waving their hands: 

--Goodbye, Stephen, goodbye! 

--Goodbye, Stephen, goodbye! 

He was caught in the whirl of a scrimmage and, fearful of the flashing eyes and 
muddy boots, bent down to look through the legs. They drove by the crowd, 
blended now into soft colours, to a music of merry bells. But the minds of rats 
could not understand trigonometry. Moreover, our earthly fire destroys at the 
same time as it burns, so that the more intense it is the shorter is its 
duration; but the fire of hell has this property, that it preserves that which 
it burns, and, though it rages with incredible intensity, it rages for ever. 

--Our earthly fire again, no matter how fierce or widespread it may be, is 
always of a limited extent; but the lake of fire in hell is boundless, 
shoreless and bottomless. The man out of the last house passed on his way home; 
she heard his footsteps clacking along the concrete pavement and afterwards 
crunching on the cinder path before the new red houses. 

Mr Dedalus began to sway his head to and fro, crooning like a country singer. A 
formula was given out. The near slide was drawn. 

But he had been forewarned of the dangers of spiritual exaltation and did not 
allow himself to desist from even the least or lowliest devotion, striving also 
by constant mortification to undo the sinful past rather than to achieve a 
saintliness fraught with peril. 

--And he has such a soft mouth when he's speaking to you, don't you know. It 
broke up violently her fair image and flung the fragments on all sides. The 
ticking went on unceasingly; and it seemed to this saint that the sound of the 
ticking was the ceaseless repetition of the words--ever, never; ever, never. 
The firmament was as a scroll rolled away. The match was blown out. He saw her 
approach him in a lull of the talk and beg him to sing one of his curious 
songs. The half-moons of his nails were perfect and when he smiled you caught a 
glimpse of a row of childish white teeth. A spasm of rage gripped his throat 
for a few moments and then passed, leaving after it a sharp sensation of 
thirst. Then first her soul had begun to live as his soul had when he had first 
sinned, and a tender compassion filled his heart as he remembered her frail 
pallor and her eyes, humbled and saddened by the dark shame of womanhood. 

“O Lily,” he said, thrusting it into her hands, “it’s Christmas-time, 
isn’t it? Just. 

He closed his eyes in the languor of sleep. Then he smiled and said: 

--O, well, it was a mistake; I am sure Father Dolan did not know. 

--You should be ashamed of yourself, said Father Arnall sternly. You can't play 
the saint on me any more, that's one sure five. That time is gone: gone for 
ever. Tizzie Dunn was dead, too, and the Waters had gone back to England. 
Everything changes. Now she was going to go away like the others, to leave her 
home. 

As he sat there, living over his life with her and evoking alternately the two 
images in which he now conceived her, he realised that she was dead, that she 
had ceased to exist, that she had become a memory. Only he doesn't know it. He 
tried to think what a big thought that must be; but he could only think of God. 
His soul was made fair and holy once more, holy and happy. Yet it was surely 
half-an-hour since he had seen the clock of the College of Surgeons. Fresh 
Nelly is waiting on you. 

--Good night, husband! Coming in to have a short time? 

The equation on the page of his scribbler began to spread out a widening tail, 
eyed and starred like a peacock's; and, when the eyes and stars of its indices 
had been eliminated, began slowly to fold itself together again. 

--I can see, he said, that you are about to make obvious remarks. The white 
spray nodded to her dancing and when she was in shadow the glow was deeper on 
her cheek. An old woman was about to cross the street, an oilcan in her hand. 

--Hynes was two years in Liverpool and he says the same. 

The gentlemen drank from their glasses, set the glasses again on the table and 
paused. He's going to be flogged by Mr Gleeson. There are twenty subjects. The 
verses told only of the night and the balmy breeze and the maiden lustre of the 
moon. I looked humbly at the great jars that stood like eastern guards at 
either side of the dark entrance to the stall and murmured: 

“No, thank you. 

--Try to be one of us, repeated Davin. Father Arnall sat at a table to the left 
of the altar. Every day. Every day. It had always sounded strangely in my ears, 
like the word gnomon in the Euclid and the word simony in the Catechism. I 
tried to unite my will with the will of God instant by instant. 

Eliza resumed: 

“Wide-awake and laughing-like to himself. He has a handsome face, mind you, 
in repose. He desired with all his will not to hear or see. It was a mean thing 
to do, to shoulder him into the square ditch, they were saying. He was standing 
at the gate, his peaked cap pushed back on his head and his hair tumbled 
forward over a face of bronze. He felt only an ache of soul and body, his whole 
being, memory, will, understanding, flesh, benumbed and weary. They were 
walking quickly, the young woman taking quick short steps, while Corley kept 
beside her with his long stride. Their faces were powdered and they caught up 
their dresses, when they touched earth, like alarmed Atalantas. The pupil 
reasserted itself quickly, this half-disclosed nature fell again under the 
reign of prudence, and her astrakhan jacket, moulding a bosom of a certain 
fullness, struck the note of defiance more definitely. At the end of the walk 
he halted before turning and raised his eyes. He repeated his phrases over and 
over again, varying them and surrounding them with his monotonous voice. 
Supreme Judge, from His sentence there will be and can be no appeal. He calls 
the just to His side, bidding them enter into the kingdom, the eternity of 
bliss prepared for them. Later on he had become the partner of a very fat short 
gentleman, Mr Goldberg, in the Liffey Loan Bank. Though he had never embraced 
more than the Jewish ethical code his fellow-Catholics, whenever they had 
smarted in person or by proxy under his exactions, spoke of him bitterly as an 
Irish Jew and an illiterate and saw divine disapproval of usury made manifest 
through the person of his idiot son. At other times they remembered his good 
points. Father Dolan will be in to see you every day. Then Jack Lawton cracked 
his fingers and Father Arnall looked at his copybook and said: 

--Right. But does that part of the body understand or what? The serpent, the 
most subtle beast of the field. ” 

“Who was he, Miss Morkan?” asked Mr Bartell D’Arcy politely. Gabriel 
glanced right and left nervously and tried to keep his good humour under the 
ordeal which was making a blush invade his forehead. It is a tradition that is 
unique as far as my experience goes (and I have visited not a few places 
abroad) among the modern nations. The water would rise inch by inch, covering 
the grass and shrubs, covering the trees and houses, covering the monuments and 
the mountain tops. 

As he sat at his desk in the King’s Inns he thought what changes those eight 
years had brought. 

--You, said Heron. Do you see the joke? Athy is the town in the county Kildare 
and a thigh is the other thigh. 

--Mine too, he said. A desolating pity began to fall like dew upon his easily 
embittered heart for this faithful serving-man of the knightly Loyola, for this 
half-brother of the clergy, more venal than they in speech, more steadfast of 
soul than they, one whom he would never call his ghostly father; and he thought 
how this man and his companions had earned the name of worldlings at the hands 
not of the unworldly only but of the worldly also for having pleaded, during 
all their history, at the bar of God's justice for the souls of the lax and the 
lukewarm and the prudent. The walls of the room were bare except for a copy of 
an election address. At a smaller sideboard in one corner two young men were 
standing, drinking hop-bitters. The syllables of the word _Araby_ were called 
to me through the silence in which my soul luxuriated and cast an Eastern 
enchantment over me. 

“Ah, yes,” he said, continuing, “it’s hard to know what way to bring up 
children. 

“Tommy,” he said, “I see you haven’t changed an atom. What is that 
beauty which the artist struggles to express from lumps of earth, said Stephen 
coldly. He was so different when he took any drink. Soon, perhaps, he would be 
sitting in that same drawing-room, dressed in black, his silk hat on his knees. 
The blinds would be drawn down and Aunt Kate would be sitting beside him, 
crying and blowing her nose and telling him how Julia had died. The working-man 
is not going to drag the honour of Dublin in the mud to please a German 
monarch. They agreed that the gentleman must have missed his footing. But only 
the dark was where they looked: only dark silent air. 

--It might clear up, sir. 

Stephen, recognizing the harsh tone of MacAlister's voice did not turn in the 
direction of the voice. In a moment Stephen was a prisoner. Amen. So be it. 
Apply to the jesuit theologian, Juan Mariana de Talavera, who will also explain 
to you in what circumstances you may lawfully kill your king and whether you 
had better hand him his poison in a goblet or smear it for him upon his robe or 
his saddlebow. Ask me rather would I suffer others to rob me, or if they did, 
would I call down upon them what I believe is called the chastisement of the 
secular arm? 

--And would you? 

--I think, Stephen said, it would pain me as much to do so as to be robbed. 

--I see, Cranly said. He sauntered across the road swaying his head from side 
to side. Had it been any terrible crime but that one sin! Had it been murder! 
Little fiery flakes fell and touched him at all points, shameful thoughts, 
shameful words, shameful acts. A cold sadness was there. It made him shivery to 
think of it and cold: and what Athy said too. At Westland Row Station a crowd 
of people pressed to the carriage doors; but the porters moved them back, 
saying that it was a special train for the bazaar. 

--You are a great stranger now. She felt sure she would win. ” 

“I’m surprised at you, Mrs Kearney,” said Mr Holohan. ” 

The other leaned over the well of the car and peered into Mr Kernan’s mouth 
but he could not see. He ordered the same again. Stephen sat down at his right 
and the priest at the other side of the table closed his copy of THE TABLET 
with an angry snap and stood up. The episode ended well, for both Heron and 
Wallis laughed indulgently at the irreverence. From time to time everyone 
glanced at Mrs Kearney. The light spread upwards from the glass roof making the 
theatre seem a festive ark, anchored among the hulks of houses, her frail 
cables of lanterns looping her to her moorings. The plump bald sergeant major 
was testing with his foot the springboard of the vaulting horse. A trifle made 
him blush at any time: and now he felt warm and excited. To retrieve the 
consequences of that sin the Only Begotten Son of God came down to earth, lived 
and suffered and died a most painful death, hanging for three hours on the 
cross. Mr Holohan called to see her every day to have her advice on some point. 
He was fond, moreover, of giving side-thrusts at Catholicism. It had a horrid 
rough feel. Freddy Malins, who had listened with his head perched sideways to 
hear her better, was still applauding when everyone else had ceased and talking 
animatedly to his mother who nodded her head gravely and slowly in 
acquiescence. 

“I could only get one cab,” he said. 

The squat student did not eat it but, indulging his special humour, said 
gravely, still tittering and prodding his phrase with his umbrella: 

--Do you intend that. She moved her hand about here and there in the air and 
descended on one of the saucers. She danced lightly in the round. She thought 
her plans over. 

When they had taken their places she said abruptly: 

“I have a crow to pluck with you. Now who’d think he’d turn out like 
that! I sent him to the Christian Brothers and I done what I could for him, and 
there he goes boosing about. 

As he sat there, living over his life with her and evoking alternately the two 
images in which he now conceived her, he realised that she was dead, that she 
had ceased to exist, that she had become a memory. We can scut the whole hour. 
She asked me why I never came, said she had heard all sorts of stories about 
me. She was sure they would but she could not help thinking what a pity it was 
Alphy and Joe were not speaking. The blood went bounding along his veins; and 
the thoughts went rioting through his brain, proud, joyful, tender, valorous. 
The middle of the month was passed and, if he could get the copy done in time, 
Mr Alleyne might give him an order on the cashier. If it were wound single an 
extra current would be induced in the coils. 

Jesus Christ was not a hard taskmaster. It was too much for him. Their feet 
passed in pattering tumult over his mind, the feet of hares and rabbits, the 
feet of harts and hinds and antelopes, until he heard them no more and 
remembered only a proud cadence from Newman: 

--Whose feet are as the feet of harts and underneath the everlasting arms. 
After a long struggle Weathers again brought his opponent’s hand slowly on to 
the table. Farrington’s dark wine-coloured face flushed darker still with 
anger and humiliation at having been defeated by such a stripling. There was 
something striking in her appearance. He stretched his arm wearily towards the 
foot of the bed, groping with his hand in the pockets of the coat that hung 
there. I was going to reply indignantly that we were not National School boys 
to be whipped, as he called it; but I remained silent. ” 

Mrs Kearney rewarded his very flat final syllable with a quick stare of 
contempt, and then said to her daughter encouragingly: 

“Are you ready, dear?” 

When she had an opportunity, she called Mr Holohan aside and asked him to tell 
her what it meant. 

“No, no,” said Mr Cunningham in an evasive tone, “it’s just a little. 

“He’s not so bad, is he?” said Aunt Kate to Gabriel. He is more like a 
son of God than a son of Mary. He walked with one hand upon his hip and in the 
other hand he held a stick with which he tapped the turf lightly. He tried to 
pull on his stocking. 

The snares of the world were its ways of sin. 

“Me, pa. I asked him again now, but he was leaning on the counter in his 
shirt-sleeves having a deep goster with Alderman Cowley. I'd go up and tell the 
rector on him. He'd give you a toe in the rump for yourself. 

That was not a nice expression. His day began with an heroic offering of its 
every moment of thought or action for the intentions of the sovereign pontiff 
and with an early mass. At most, by an alms given to a beggar whose blessing he 
fled from, he might hope wearily to win for himself some measure of actual 
grace. Among them William Ewart Gladstone, just then dead. I liked the last 
best because its leaves were yellow. It may be uphill pedalling at first. But 
Miss Kate and Miss Julia had thought of that and had converted the bathroom 
upstairs into a ladies’ dressing-room. 

When he was quite sure that the narrative had ended he laughed noiselessly for 
fully half a minute. 

“No,” said Gabriel, turning to his wife, “we had quite enough of that 
last year, hadn’t we? Don’t you remember, Aunt Kate, what a cold Gretta got 
out of it? Cab windows rattling all the way, and the east wind blowing in after 
we passed Merrion. The face of an old priest was at the grating, averted from 
him, leaning upon a hand. 

It was too late to go upstairs to the French class. I fear more than that the 
chemical action which would be set up in my soul by a false homage to a symbol 
behind which are massed twenty centuries of authority and veneration. 

On Saturday morning I reminded my uncle that I wished to go to the bazaar in 
the evening. He stood at the foot of the staircase, a foot on the lowest step, 
his threadbare soutane gathered about him for the ascent with womanish care, 
nodding his head often and repeating: 

--Not a doubt of it, Mr Hackett! Very fine! Not a doubt of it! 

In the middle of the hall the prefect of the college sodality was speaking 
earnestly, in a soft querulous voice, with a boarder. He went from country to 
country in the east, from Africa to India, from India to Japan, baptizing the 
people. A kinder note than he had intended went into his voice. Again a wave. 
His brain began to glow. 

While he was still repeating the CONFITEOR amid the indulgent laughter of his 
hearers and while the scenes of that malignant episode were still passing 
sharply and swiftly before his mind he wondered why he bore no malice now to 
those who had tormented him. Beauty expressed by the artist cannot awaken in us 
an emotion which is kinetic or a sensation which is purely physical. It 
awakens, or ought to awaken, or induces, or ought to induce, an esthetic 
stasis, an ideal pity or an ideal terror, a stasis called forth, prolonged, and 
at last dissolved by what I call the rhythm of beauty. 

How pale the light was at the window! But that was nice. ” 

A thought flew across Gabriel’s mind. She declined it, saying she was ironing 
downstairs, and, after having exchanged a nod with Mr Cunningham behind Mr 
Power’s back, prepared to leave the room. The ends of her tulle collarette 
had been carefully disordered and a big bunch of red flowers was pinned in her 
bosom, stems upwards. Yes, the preacher was right. 

A louse crawled over the nape of his neck and, putting his thumb and forefinger 
deftly beneath his loose collar, he caught it. 

--The cinder-path, sir. A humble follower in the wake of clamorous conversions, 
a poor Englishman in Ireland, he seemed to have entered on the stage of jesuit 
history when that strange play of intrigue and suffering and envy and struggle 
and indignity had been all but given through--a late-comer, a tardy spirit. He 
saw the dark entrance hall of the castle. He felt only an ache of soul and 
body, his whole being, memory, will, understanding, flesh, benumbed and weary. 
He had opened a small shop on Glasnevin Road where, he flattered himself, his 
manners would ingratiate him with the housewives of the district. If he went on 
with the fellows he could never go up to the rector because he could not leave 
the playground for that. Of course she was sorry for the sake of the 
_artistes_. Perhaps he ought not to have answered her like that. That must have 
been a terrible sin, to go in there quietly at night, to open the dark press 
and steal the flashing gold thing into which God was put on the altar in the 
middle of flowers and candles at benediction while the incense went up in 
clouds at both sides as the fellow swung the censer and Dominic Kelly sang the 
first part by himself in the choir. The pandybat made a sound too but not like 
that. 

The oblong skull beneath did not turn to meet this shaft of thought and yet the 
shaft came back to its bowstring; for he saw in a moment the student's 
whey-pale face. 

As Davin did not answer, Stephen began to quote: 

--Long pace, fianna! Right incline, fianna! Fianna, by numbers, salute, one, 
two! 

--That's a different question, said Davin. She brought them up to his bedroom, 
the air of which was impregnated with a personal odour, and gave them chairs at 
the fire. ” 

After the break-up at home the boys had got her that position in the _Dublin by 
Lamplight_ laundry, and she liked it. “The General of the Jesuits stands next 
to the Pope. ” 

“There’s no mistake about it,” said Mr M’Coy, “if you want a thing 
well done and no flies about it you go to a Jesuit. . . . . ” 





AN ENCOUNTER 

IT was Joe Dillon who introduced the Wild West to us. He did not wish her to 
think that he was interested in this delicate boy. ” 

She looked away from him along the shaft of light towards the window in 
silence. 

“I met some of the old gang today,” said Ignatius Gallaher. Hell is the 
centre of evils and, as you know, things are more intense at their centres than 
at their remotest points. There are no contraries or admixtures of any kind to 
temper or soften in the least the pains of hell. He asked himself what is a 
woman standing on the stairs in the shadow, listening to distant music, a 
symbol of. 

--We are all sinners and black sinners, said Mr Casey coldly. Very jolly it 
was. 

Every morning, therefore, uncle Charles repaired to his outhouse but not before 
he had greased and brushed scrupulously his back hair and brushed and put on 
his tall hat. He asked him where was the rector's room and the old servant 
pointed to the door at the far end and looked after him as he went on to it and 
knocked. But his brain had then refused to grapple with the theme and, 
desisting, he had covered the page with the names and addresses of certain of 
his classmates: 

Roderick Kickham John Lawton Anthony MacSwiney Simon Moonan 

Now it seemed as if he would fail again but, by dint of brooding on the 
incident, he thought himself into confidence. 

A wasting breath of humiliation blew bleakly over his soul to think of how he 
had fallen, to feel that those souls were dearer to God than his. He asked him 
where was the rector's room and the old servant pointed to the door at the far 
end and looked after him as he went on to it and knocked. A thing like that had 
been done before by somebody in history, by some great person whose head was in 
the books of history. 

The entry of the professor was signalled by a few rounds of Kentish fire from 
the heavy boots of those students who sat on the highest tier of the gloomy 
theatre under the grey cobwebbed windows. His wife, who had been a soprano, 
still taught young children to play the piano at low terms. He was laughing 
heartily in a high key at a story which he had been telling Gabriel on the 
stairs and at the same time rubbing the knuckles of his left fist backwards and 
forwards into his left eye. The half-moons of his nails were perfect and when 
he smiled you caught a glimpse of a row of childish white teeth. At the corner 
of Grafton Street a short fat man was putting two handsome ladies on a car in 
charge of another fat man. The syllables of the word _Araby_ were called to me 
through the silence in which my soul luxuriated and cast an Eastern enchantment 
over me. ” 

“The same to you,” said Gabriel cordially. 

“God!” he exclaimed, resuming his natural face, “I never saw such an eye 
in a man’s head. But why? Her passage through the darkening air or the verse 
with its black vowels and its opening sound, rich and lutelike? 

He walked away slowly towards the deeper shadows at the end of the colonnade, 
beating the stone softly with his stick to hide his revery from the students 
whom he had left: and allowed his mind to summon back to itself the age of 
Dowland and Byrd and Nash. A match of four was arranged, Cranly insisting, 
however, that his ball should be used. Mr Kernan was huddled together with 
cold. Stephen did not look up. Whenever the car drew up before a house he 
waited to catch a glimpse of a well scrubbed kitchen or of a softly lighted 
hall and to see how the servant would hold the jug and how she would close the 
door. ” 

She had consented to go away, to leave her home. Religion for her was a habit 
and she suspected that a man of her husband’s age would not change greatly 
before death. She was tempted to see a curious appropriateness in his accident 
and, but that she did not wish to seem bloody-minded, she would have told the 
gentlemen that Mr Kernan’s tongue would not suffer by being shortened. This 
was only to gain time. Besides Villona’s humming would confuse anybody; the 
noise of the car, too. 

--It's best of his play not to, Fleming said. He doesn't smoke and he doesn't 
go to bazaars and he doesn't flirt and he doesn't damn anything or damn all. 
What, then, had become of that deep-rooted shyness of his which had made him 
loth to eat or drink under a strange roof? What had come of the pride of his 
spirit which had always made him conceive himself as a being apart in every 
order? 

The Reverend Stephen Dedalus, S. J. 

His name in that new life leaped into characters before his eyes and to it 
there followed a mental sensation of an undefined face or colour of a face. I 
will not let any gloomy moralising intrude upon us here tonight. Hardly had he 
sat down when Mahony, catching sight of the cat which had escaped him, sprang 
up and pursued her across the field. It was well for her she had not to attend 
to the ladies also. 

--What is that exactly? asked Lynch. There were five or six workingmen in the 
shop discussing the value of a gentleman’s estate in County Kildare. He asked 
himself what is a woman standing on the stairs in the shadow, listening to 
distant music, a symbol of. He longed to ascend through the roof and fly away 
to another country where he would never hear again of his trouble, and yet a 
force pushed him downstairs step by step. Three days’ reddish beard fringed 
his jaws and every two or three minutes a mist gathered on his glasses so that 
he had to take them off and polish them with his pocket-handkerchief. 

--Yes, said Wells. 

And mine? Is it not too? Then into Nile mud with it! 

APRIL 1. He’s a spy of Colgan’s, if you ask me. ” 

Mr Power was careful to explain to her that he was not responsible, that he had 
come on the scene by the merest accident. 

“Well, I got Parkes for one, and I got Atkinson for two, and got Ward of 
Dawson Street. It was seventeen minutes past eleven: she would have lots of 
time to have the matter out with Mr Doran and then catch short twelve at 
Marlborough Street. He wished then to go to China to win still more souls for 
God but he died of fever on the island of Sancian. What was it that stood in 
his way? His unfortunate timidity! He wished to vindicate himself in some way, 
to assert his manhood. O why was that so? O why? 

He cowered in the shadow of the thought, abasing himself in the awe of God Who 
had made all things and all men. 

--Really, Simon, you should not speak that way before Stephen. 

“I’ll teach you to let the fire out!” he said, rolling up his sleeve in 
order to give his arm free play. “I suppose Caruso, for example, is quite as 
good, if not better than any of the men you have mentioned. ” 

Mr Hynes laughed and, shoving himself away from the mantelpiece with the aid of 
his shoulders, made ready to leave. . . He knew where he would meet the boys: 
Leonard and O’Halloran and Nosey Flynn. All the descriptions of fierce love 
and hatred which he had met in books had seemed to him therefore unreal. The 
granite stone of the bridge was beginning to be warm and I began to pat it with 
my hands in time to an air in my head. I’m surprised at boys like you, 
educated, reading such stuff. I could understand it if you were. 

APRIL 10. While he smoked the brim of his tall hat and the bowl of his pipe 
were just visible beyond the jambs of the outhouse door. . . so clear and 
fresh, never. ” 

Aunt Julia smiled broadly and murmured something about compliments as she 
released her hand from his grasp. He could hear two persons talking in the 
pantry. 

Generous tears filled Gabriel’s eyes. 

--The soul is born, he said vaguely, first in those moments I told you of. Then 
he has a bloody big bowl of cabbage before him on the table and a bloody big 
spoon like a shovel. The voice of the director urging upon him the proud claims 
of the church and the mystery and power of the priestly office repeated itself 
idly in his memory. Gabriel’s wife served out spoonfuls of the pudding and 
passed the plates down the table. Midway down they were held up by Mary Jane, 
who replenished them with raspberry or orange jelly or with blancmange and jam. 
The pudding was of Aunt Julia’s making and she received praises for it from 
all quarters. 

--Anything else, my child? 

Sins of anger, envy of others, gluttony, vanity, disobedience. But if he did it 
one time by mistake what would he do to go to confession? Perhaps he would go 
to confession to the minister. However, when she drew near the limit and her 
friends began to loosen their tongues about her, she silenced them by marrying 
Mr Kearney, who was a bootmaker on Ormond Quay. The scheme might do good and, 
at least, it could do no harm. Her beliefs were not extravagant. Her nakedness 
yielded to him, radiant, warm, odorous and lavish-limbed, enfolded him like a 
shining cloud, enfolded him like water with a liquid life; and like a cloud of 
vapour or like waters circumfluent in space the liquid letters of speech, 
symbols of the element of mystery, flowed forth over his brain. That was a long 
time ago; she and her brothers and sisters were all grown up; her mother was 
dead. And it was there that the old servants had seen the ghost in the white 
cloak of a marshal. They were like poetry but they were only sentences to learn 
the spelling from. 











The swift December dusk had come tumbling clownishly after its dull day and, as 
he stared through the dull square of the window of the schoolroom, he felt his 
belly crave for its food. 

--A nice answer, said Dante, for any man calling himself a catholic to give to 
his priest. 

He had a quiet toneless voice and urbane manners and on a finger of his plump 
clean hand he displayed at moments a signet ring. 

Mr Power did not relish the use of his Christian name. And therefore the air 
was silent save for one soft hiss that fell. 

Then Nasty Roche had said: 

--What kind of a name is that? 

And when Stephen had not been able to answer Nasty Roche had asked: 

--What is your father? 

Stephen had answered: 

--A gentleman. “That’s my opinion!” 

Mrs Kernan entered the room and, placing a tray on the table, said: 

“Help yourselves, gentlemen. ” 

“Look at their church, too,” said Mr Power. ” 

“And when we are thirsty we are also quarrelsome,” added Mr Browne. 

“What have you done to him?” she cried, glaring into his face. All he had 
to do was when the dinner was over and he came out in his turn to go on walking 
but not out to the corridor but up the staircase on the right that led to the 
castle. All day he had imagined a new meeting with her for he knew that she was 
to come to the play. They blush better. Divine justice insists that the 
understanding of those miserable wretches be fixed continually on the sins of 
which they were guilty, and moreover, as saint Augustine points out, God will 
impart to them His own knowledge of sin, so that sin will appear to them in all 
its hideous malice as it appears to the eyes of God Himself. They will behold 
their sins in all their foulness and repent but it will be too late and then 
they will bewail the good occasions which they neglected. This young and 
brilliant nobleman and man of letters entered heart and soul into the ideas of 
our glorious founder and you know that he, at his own desire, was sent by saint 
Ignatius to preach to the Indians. The evidence showed that the deceased lady, 
while attempting to cross the line, was knocked down by the engine of the ten 
o’clock slow train from Kingstown, thereby sustaining injuries of the head 
and right side which led to her death. They walked forward in silence. Read 
what I wrote last night. Vague words for a vague emotion. Would she like it? I 
think so. It is the whole mass of those born into it. And you will set her mind 
at rest. That was all very well; but now comes the tragic part about Johnny. 
One fine day the old gentleman thought he’d like to drive out with the 
quality to a military review in the park. At this Lenehan said that he had been 
with Mac the night before in Egan’s. The soul of every human being that has 
ever existed, the souls of all those who shall yet be born, all the sons and 
daughters of Adam, all are assembled on that supreme day. 

Gabriel’s eyes, irritated by the floor, which glittered with beeswax under 
the heavy chandelier, wandered to the wall above the piano. But I don't believe 
they will be flogged. 

--What was he? Cranly asked after a pause. I can see it in your eye. No, I 
treat you as your grandfather treated me when I was a young chap. We were more 
like brothers than father and son. And, by the way, who do you think he told me 
will get that job in the corporation? But I'll tell you that after. Little 
Chandler looked at his friend enviously. He lent her books, provided her with 
ideas, shared his intellectual life with her. He was shabbily dressed in a suit 
of greenish-black and wore what we used to call a jerry hat with a high crown. 

_A juror_. 

--Go to sleep again, Temple, said O'Keeffe. 

--But he, Temple said, pointing to Cranly, he is a ballocks, too, like me. Not 
like the other tinker. Have read little and understood less. Then she said I 
would come back to faith because I had a restless mind. 

APRIL 13. We saw him lying upon the catafalque. Mahony’s big sister was to 
write an excuse for him and Leo Dillon was to tell his brother to say he was 
sick. We arranged to go along the Wharf Road until we came to the ships, then 
to cross in the ferryboat and walk out to see the Pigeon House. It was noon 
when we reached the quays and, as all the labourers seemed to be eating their 
lunches, we bought two big currant buns and sat down to eat them on some metal 
piping beside the river. 

Mr O’Connor tore a strip off the card and, lighting it, lit his cigarette. 
The corridors were darkly lit and the chapel was darkly lit. 

“Now, you’ll let the fire out the next time!” said the man striking at 
him vigorously with the stick. Special puffs appeared in all the evening 
papers, reminding the music-loving public of the treat which was in store for 
it on the following evening. Mrs Kearney was somewhat reassured, but she 
thought well to tell her husband part of her suspicions. ” 

“Browne is out there, Aunt Kate,” said Mary Jane. 

“Well,” said Gabriel, “if it comes to that, you know, Irish is not my 
language. 

“Did you serve Aungier Street?” he asked Mr O’Connor. He felt completely 
out-generalled. 

“I haven’t such a bad opinion of the Jesuits,” he said, intervening at 
length. Leave dreams to the dreamers That will not after, That song and 
laughter 

Do nothing move. ” 

The boy went out and Mr Henchy began to rub his hands cheerfully, saying: 

“Ah, well, he’s not so bad after all. 

“O, do go, Gabriel,” she cried. But all the same it was queer what Athy 
said and the way he said it. When they were dead they lay on their sides. We 
followed him with our eyes and saw that when he had gone on for perhaps fifty 
paces he turned about and began to retrace his steps. When we landed we watched 
the discharging of the graceful threemaster which we had observed from the 
other quay. He bestowed them in his pockets with feigned composure and suffered 
the friendly teller, to whom his father chatted, to take his hand across the 
broad counter and wish him a brilliant career in after life. As the husband was 
often away and the daughter out giving music lessons Mr Duffy had many 
opportunities of enjoying the lady’s society. 

Brother Michael was standing at the door of the infirmary and from the door of 
the dark cabinet on his right came a smell like medicine. 

--Lord Tennyson, of course, answered Heron. QUASI PALMA EXALTATA SUM IN GADES 
ET QUASI PLANTATIO ROSAE IN JERICHO. QUASI ULIVA SPECIOSA IN CAMPIS ET QUASI 
PLATANUS EXALTATA SUM JUXTA AQUAM IN PLATEIS. QUASI ULIVA SPECIOSA IN CAMPIS ET 
QUASI PLATANUS EXALTATA SUM JUXTA AQUAM IN PLATEIS. SICUT CINNAMOMUM ET 
BALSAMUM AROMATIZANS ODOREM DEDI ET QUASI MYRRHA ELECTA DEDI SUAVITATEM ODORIS. 



His sin, which had covered him from the sight of God, had led him nearer to the 
refuge of sinners. 

“The thin edge of the wedge,” said Mr Henchy. Why did he say he knew that 
trick? 

--Lazy idle little loafer! cried the prefect of studies. 

He opened the door of the theatre and halted in the chilly grey light that 
struggled through the dusty windows. Certainly they were pretty and the face 
itself was pretty. Lynch says all women do. Then he turned on his heel rudely. 
A woman came running down the front steps and coughed. 

--O. Temple, after a few moments, sidled across to Stephen and said: 

--Excuse me, I wanted to ask you, do you believe that Jean-Jacques Rousseau was 
a sincere man? 

Stephen laughed outright. Cranly, picking up the broken stave of a cask from 
the grass at his feet, turned swiftly and said sternly: 

--Temple, I declare to the living God if you say another word, do you know, to 
anybody on any subject, I'll kill you SUPER SPOTTUM. Some girls stood near the 
entrance door. It was Gretta who had nursed her during all her last long 
illness in their house at Monkstown. When he brought the blouse home Annie 
kissed him and said it was very pretty and stylish; but when she heard the 
price she threw the blouse on the table and said it was a regular swindle to 
charge ten and elevenpence for it. Low-lived dogs! And they look it! By Christ, 
they look it! 

--They behaved rightly, cried Dante. They obeyed their bishops and their 
priests. Farrington was just standing another round when Weathers came back. 
After a while O’Halloran and Paddy Leonard came in and the story was repeated 
to them. The congregation rose also and settled again on its benches. His soul 
was not there to hear and greet it and he knew now that the exhortation he had 
listened to had already fallen into an idle formal tale. The book which he used 
for these visits was an old neglected book written by saint Alphonsus Liguori, 
with fading characters and sere foxpapered leaves. So entire and unquestionable 
was this sense of the divine meaning in all nature granted to his soul that he 
could scarcely understand why it was in any way necessary that he should 
continue to live. When we come to the phenomena of artistic conception, 
artistic gestation, and artistic reproduction I require a new terminology and a 
new personal experience. You talk to me of nationality, language, religion. 

--He tells us in his homely way, the dean went on, that he put an iron lamp 
before a statue of one of the gods and that a thief stole the lamp. I know how 
it has changed you. My aunt was surprised and hoped it was not some Freemason 
affair. 



How beautiful and sad that was! How beautiful the words were where they said 
BURY ME IN THE OLD CHURCHYARD! A tremor passed over his body. My aunt said to 
him energetically: 

“Can’t you give him the money and let him go? You’ve kept him late enough 
as it is. 

Eastward the gradual dawn prevails Where softly-burning fires appear, Making to 
tremble all those veils Of grey and golden gossamer. No. 

Stephen smiled at the manner of this confidence and, when Moynihan had passed, 
turned again to meet Cranly's eyes. 

The stout student who stood below them on the steps farted briefly. I 
disremember if it was October or November. I used to spend money on them right 
enough,” he added, in a convincing tone, as if he was conscious of being 
disbelieved. 

Stephen, preparing the words neatly in his mind, continued: 

--Jesus, too, seems to have treated his mother with scant courtesy in public 
but Suarez, a jesuit theologian and Spanish gentleman, has apologized for him. 
Then he smiled and said: 

--O, well, it was a mistake; I am sure Father Dolan did not know. Mike Flynn 
would stand at the gate near the railway station, watch in hand, while Stephen 
ran round the track in the style Mike Flynn favoured, his head high lifted, his 
knees well lifted and his hands held straight down by his sides. When the 
morning practice was over the trainer would make his comments and sometimes 
illustrate them by shuffling along for a yard or so comically in an old pair of 
blue canvas shoes. The conversation went no further. Dante gave him a cachou 
every time he brought her a piece of tissue paper. 

Dante turned on her and said: 

--And am I to sit here and listen to the pastors of my church being flouted? 

--Nobody is saying a word against them, said Mr Dedalus, so long as they don't 
meddle in politics. A troubled night of dreams. He could not see her face but 
he could see the terracotta and salmon-pink panels of her skirt which the 
shadow made appear black and white. He looked at the contracted and quivering 
face of the child and began to be alarmed. Mr Alleyne would never give him an 
hour’s rest; his life would be a hell to him. 

“No, no, not for me,” said old Cotter. He's taking pure mathematics and I'm 
taking constitutional history. There are twenty subjects. ” 

“And where are they?” 

No one knew; a voice said: 

“Give him air. 

“He is dead,” she said at length. 

Father Dolan and I, when I told them all at dinner about it, Father Dolan and I 
had a great laugh over it. They reason thus because, blinded by the gross 
illusion of the flesh and the darkness of human understanding, they are unable 
to comprehend the hideous malice of mortal sin. But he said: 

--Gentlemen, the happiest day of my life was the day on which I made my first 
holy communion. 

He held open the heavy hall door and gave his hand as if already to a companion 
in the spiritual life. A woman had waited in the doorway as Davin had passed by 
at night and, offering him a cup of milk, had all but wooed him to her bed; for 
Davin had the mild eyes of one who could be secret. They embraced softly, 
impelled by the grey rainy light, the wet silent trees, the shield-like 
witnessing lake, the swans. Someone gave the toast of the yacht _The Belle of 
Newport_ and then someone proposed one great game for a finish. 

“What are you doing in the dark?” asked a voice. 

“Did you call on Grimes?” 

“I did. ” 

“O, don’t forget the candle, Tom,” said Mr M’Coy, “whatever you do. 
Mrs Kearney said nothing, but, as the mediocre items followed one another on 
the platform and the few people in the hall grew fewer and fewer, she began to 
regret that she had put herself to any expense for such a concert. 

Little boys were sent out into the principal streets of Dublin early on Friday 
morning with bundles of handbills. 

--I do not, Stephen said. Ah, but you should have heard Mick Lacy sing it! Poor 
Mick Lacy! He had little turns for it, grace notes that he used to put in that 
I haven't got. 







XXIII 

This heart that flutters near my heart My hope and all my riches is, Unhappy 
when we draw apart And happy between kiss and kiss: My hope and all my 
riches--yes!-- And all my happiness. They'll both get it on the vital spot. 
Wells rubbed himself and said in a crying voice: 

--Please, sir, let me off! 

Athy grinned and turned up the sleeves of his jacket, saying: 

It can't be helped; It must be done. The rector would be there in a cope of 
black and gold and there would be tall yellow candles on the altar and round 
the catafalque. A little troop of Neapolitan peasants were practising their 
steps at the end of the chapel, some circling their arms above their heads, 
some swaying their baskets of paper violets and curtsying. 

In the silence their dark fire kindled the dusk into a tawny glow. 

“It’s bad for children,” said old Cotter, “because their minds are so 
impressionable. Incline unto our aid, O God! O Lord make haste to help us! 



There was a cold night smell in the chapel. But it was a holy smell. --Of 
course I tried to carry it off as best I could. --If you want a good smoke, he 
said, try one of these cigars. An American captain made me a present of them 
last night in Queenstown. 

Stephen heard his father's voice break into a laugh which was almost a sob. He 
was seized and bound like a common criminal, mocked at as a fool, set aside to 
give place to a public robber, scourged with five thousand lashes, crowned with 
a crown of thorns, hustled through the streets by the jewish rabble and the 
Roman soldiery, stripped of his garments and hanged upon a gibbet and His side 
was pierced with a lance and from the wounded body of our Lord water and blood 
issued continually. One of his sentences, written two months after his last 
interview with Mrs Sinico, read: Love between man and man is impossible because 
there must not be sexual intercourse and friendship between man and woman is 
impossible because there must be sexual intercourse. 

Some of the boys had then asked the priest if Victor Hugo were not the greatest 
French writer. And that's what I call limbo. 

He sidled out of the alley, smiling slyly. His body ached to do something, to 
rush out and revel in violence. But his figure fell into rotundity at the 
waist, his hair was scant and grey and his face, when the waves of expression 
had passed over it, had a ravaged look. “I heard something. . And when I ask 
when my daughter is going to be paid I can’t get a civil answer. 

MARCH 22. Father Arnall sat at a table to the left of the altar. But the worst 
of all was Fleming's theme because the pages were stuck together by a blot: and 
Father Arnall held it up by a corner and said it was an insult to any master to 
send him up such a theme. It only made you feel a little sickish on account of 
the smell of the wine. ” 

“Is that so?” asked Mr M’Coy. 

“That’s a fact,” said Mr Cunningham. 

Then Nasty Roche had asked: 

--Is he a magistrate? 

He crept about from point to point on the fringe of his line, making little 
runs now and then. “Father Purdon is giving it. It’s for business men, you 
know. ” 

“Very well,” said Little Chandler, “the next time you come we must have 
an evening together. The subject of talk was the opera company which was then 
at the Theatre Royal. For my esthetic. 

--Help me, my dear little brothers in Christ. 

A rogue in red and yellow dress Is knocking, knocking at the tree; And all 
around our loneliness The wind is whistling merrily. 

A glow of desire kindled again his soul and fired and fulfilled all his body. 
Mine, O Mine! No more be tears in moon or mist For thee, sweet sentimentalist. 







XIII 

Go seek her out all courteously, And say I come, Wind of spices whose song is 
ever Epithalamium. 

Little Chandler sustained for one moment the gaze of her eyes and his heart 
closed together as he met the hatred in them. 

“A chap. The piece ended with a trill of octaves in the treble and a final 
deep octave in the bass. He was glad for his mouth was hot and dry. Little 
Chandler was astonished. 

“Who knows?” he said, as they lifted their glasses. His face was kind and 
he joined gently the fingers of each hand, forming a frail cage by the union of 
their tips. Mr Power said again: 

“All’s well that ends well. The preacher turned back each wide sleeve of 
his surplice with an elaborate large gesture and slowly surveyed the array of 
faces. No one knew who he was but one of the curates said he had served the 
gentleman with a small rum. 

He had never been in Corless’s but he knew the value of the name. The piece 
ended with a trill of octaves in the treble and a final deep octave in the 
bass. They talked volubly and with little reserve. 

“What is the matter, Julia?” asked Aunt Kate anxiously. And while he was 
dressing himself as quickly as he could the prefect said: 

--We must pack off to Brother Michael because we have the collywobbles! 

He was very decent to say that. Then at the door of the castle the rector had 
shaken hands with his father and mother, his soutane fluttering in the breeze, 
and the car had driven off with his father and mother on it. He seemed to be 
rehearsing the piece in his mind. The commonwealth fell, the loan bank closed 
its coffers and its books on a sensible loss, the rules of life which he had 
drawn about himself fell into desuetude. It was with difficulty that he won 
back his old consciousness of his state of grace by telling himself that he had 
prayed to God at every temptation and that the grace which he had prayed for 
must have been given to him inasmuch as God was obliged to give it. 

But the phrase on the priest's lips was disingenuous for he knew that a priest 
should not speak lightly on that theme. And to inquire what kind of beauty is 
proper to each of the various arts. That was all to make him laugh. But they 
were very holy peasants. And that was: to be straight and manly with God. I'd 
see you damned first. He'd give you a toe in the rump for yourself. 

That was not a nice expression. At the foot of the steps they halted and 
Stephen took a packet of cigarettes from his pocket and offered it to his 
companion. Gradually as the last glasses were being filled the conversation 
ceased. A pause followed, broken only by the noise of the wine and by 
unsettlings of chairs. I don't know the fellow's name. 

The man continued his monologue. 

--It is religion, Dante said again. Her interpretation of his words 
disillusioned him. Still they seemed to have been rather happy then. Her father 
was not so bad then; and besides, her mother was alive. 





AFTER THE RACE 

THE cars came scudding in towards Dublin, running evenly like pellets in the 
groove of the Naas Road. Yes! Yes! Yes! He would create proudly out of the 
freedom and power of his soul, as the great artificer whose name he bore, a 
living thing, new and soaring and beautiful, impalpable, imperishable. 

He started up nervously from the stone-block for he could no longer quench the 
flame in his blood. 

The fellows all were silent. 

“I am a little,” she answered. 

“So we’re going to wash the pot together,” said Mr Cunningham. 

--That remark was made before, Cranly said calmly. “Of course they are doing 
their best, but really they are not good. ” Mahony asked why couldn’t boys 
read them--a question which agitated and pained me because I was afraid the man 
would think I was as stupid as Mahony. The arch of its fair trailing moustache 
was repeated in the fair eyebrows looped above pleasantly astonished eyes. Soon 
all would be dark and sleeping. There was cold night air in the chapel and the 
marbles were the colour the sea was at night. There were holly and ivy round 
the pierglass and holly and ivy, green and red, twined round the chandeliers. 
An immense scarf of peacock-blue muslin was wound round her hat and knotted in 
a great bow under her chin; and she wore bright yellow gloves, reaching to the 
elbow. He bent down and asked her was there a chapel near. 

“Hallo, Tommy, old hero, here you are! What is it to be? What will you have? 
I’m taking whisky: better stuff than we get across the water. 

--Where? Cranly asked. 







XXI 

He who hath glory lost, nor hath Found any soul to fellow his, Among his foes 
in scorn and wrath Holding to ancient nobleness, That high unconsortable one-- 
His love is his companion. But his hands were bluish with cold. And on that day 
may Erin well Pledge in the cup she lifts to Joy One grief--the memory of 
Parnell. 



Some fellow had drawn it there for a cod. The soutane sleeve swished again as 
the pandybat was lifted and a loud crashing sound and a fierce maddening 
tingling burning pain made his hand shrink together with the palms and fingers 
in a livid quivering mass. One was to Harry; the other was to her father. Soft 
language issued from their spittleless lips as they swished in slow circles 
round and round the field, winding hither and thither through the weeds, 
dragging their long tails amid the rattling canisters. They moved in slow 
circles, circling closer and closer to enclose, to enclose, soft language 
issuing from their lips, their long swishing tails besmeared with stale shite, 
thrusting upwards their terrific faces. He longed to be at home and lay his 
head on his mother's lap. Father Arnall's face looked very black, but he was 
not in a wax: he was laughing. Father Dolan will be in tomorrow. 

He poked one of the boys in the side with his pandybat, saying: 

--You, boy! When will Father Dolan be in again? 

--Tomorrow, sir, said Tom Furlong's voice. 

It was wrong; it was unfair and cruel; and, as he sat in the refectory, he 
suffered time after time in memory the same humiliation until he began to 
wonder whether it might not really be that there was something in his face 
which made him look like a schemer and he wished he had a little mirror to see. 
It was a dark rainy evening and there was no sound in the house. It is remote 
from terror and pity according to the terms of my definitions. And one day 
Boyle had said that an elephant had two tuskers instead of two tusks and that 
was why he was called Tusker Boyle but some fellows called him Lady Boyle 
because he was always at his nails, paring them. Mr Casey tapped the gland of 
his neck and smiled at Stephen with sleepy eyes: and Mr Dedalus said to him: 

--Yes. 

--No God for Ireland! he cried. 

--I wrote home, sir, said Stephen, and Father Arnall said I am not to study 
till they come. In the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. 
Having first felt that it is ONE thing you feel now that it is a THING. You 
apprehend it as complex, multiple, divisible, separable, made up of its parts, 
the result of its parts and their sum, harmonious. 

--Do you know what Ireland is? asked Stephen with cold violence. 

He crouched down between the sheets, glad of their tepid glow. 

The voices that he knew so well, the common words, the quiet of the classroom 
when the voices paused and the silence was filled by the sound of softly 
browsing cattle as the other boys munched their lunches tranquilly, lulled his 
aching soul. They had all fathers and mothers and different clothes and voices. 

--There's real poetry for you, he said. 

Stephen, moving away the bystanders, jerked his shoulder angrily in the 
direction of the Tsar's image, saying: 

--Keep your icon. 

--Um, Cranly answered, holding out what remained of the half chewed fig and 
jerking it towards the squat student's mouth in sign that he should eat. 
Goatish creatures with human faces, hornybrowed, lightly bearded and grey as 
india-rubber. The malice of evil glittered in their hard eyes, as they moved 
hither and thither, trailing their long tails behind them. On the sideboard 
were arrayed dishes and plates, and glasses and bundles of knives and forks and 
spoons. How far had he walked? What hour was it? 

There was no human figure near him nor any sound borne to him over the air. 
talking and gesticulating. Routh won. The cabin shook with the young men’s 
cheering and the cards were bundled together. The conductor talked with the 
driver, both nodding often in the green light of the lamp. 

The veiled windless hour had passed and behind the panes of the naked window 
the morning light was gathering. He told his fingers to hurry up. He had an odd 
autobiographical habit which led him to compose in his mind from time to time a 
short sentence about himself containing a subject in the third person and a 
predicate in the past tense. 

--Probably I shall go away, he said. 

They had their way: they laid him low. 

--I see. ” 

“And who was the person long ago?” asked Gabriel, smiling. 

The girl, seeing that he had gained the stairs, called out after him: 

“Well, thank you, sir. Tell no more of enchanted days. Leave the basket 
there. He's a level-headed thinking boy who doesn't bother his head about that 
kind of nonsense. 

--Then he's not his father's son, said the little old man. 

He produced his match and began to clean the crevice between two teeth. 

--I wouldn't stand it, Fleming repeated, from Baldyhead or any other Baldyhead. 
In a moment Stephen was a prisoner. I must have looked like a fellow throwing a 
handful of peas into the air. Damn you and damn everything. Damn him one way or 
the other! 

APRIL 14. I’m deuced glad, I can tell you, to get back to the old country. 
” 

“O. . . . . . . . . . . But there’s a certain little nobleman with a 
cock-eye--you know the patriot I’m alluding to?” 

Mr O’Connor nodded. 

“There’s nothing to touch a good slavey,” he affirmed. Then he read the 
flyleaf from the bottom to the top till he came to his own name. Mahony 
mentioned lightly that he had three totties. He chased a crowd of ragged girls, 
brandishing his unloaded catapult and, when two ragged boys began, out of 
chivalry, to fling stones at us, he proposed that we should charge them. 

“I can see him so plainly,” she said after a moment. 

--Simon! Simon! said uncle Charles. 

--And thanks be to God, Johnny, said Mr Dedalus, that we lived so long and did 
so little harm. The soutane sleeve swished again as the pandybat was lifted and 
a loud crashing sound and a fierce maddening tingling burning pain made his 
hand shrink together with the palms and fingers in a livid quivering mass. Two 
men in outdoor dress had taken possession of the fireplace and were chatting 
familiarly with Miss Healy and the baritone. I also approached and read: 

July 1st, 1895 The Rev. As I did so I met the gaze of a pair of bottle-green 
eyes peering at me from under a twitching forehead. He halted a few paces from 
her and said: 

“What about the song? Why does that make you cry?” 

She raised her head from her arms and dried her eyes with the back of her hand 
like a child. Beyond the river he saw a goods train winding out of Kingsbridge 
Station, like a worm with a fiery head winding through the darkness, 
obstinately and laboriously. It passed slowly out of sight; but still he heard 
in his ears the laborious drone of the engine reiterating the syllables of her 
name. Boland, his friend, marched beside him, a large grin on his face, while 
Nash came on a few steps behind, blowing from the pace and wagging his great 
red head. 

As soon as the boys had turned into Clonliffe Road together they began to speak 
about books and writers, saying what books they were reading and how many books 
there were in their fathers' bookcases at home. 



* * * * * 



The next day he sat at his table in the bare upper room for many hours. ” 

Eliza sighed again and bowed her head in assent. Neither Mr Henchy nor the old 
man said anything but, just as the door was closing, Mr O’Connor, who had 
been staring moodily into the fire, called out suddenly: 

“‘Bye, Joe. ” 

Mr Henchy waited a few moments and then nodded in the direction of the door. 

“You don’t know what’s good for you, my boy,” said Ignatius Gallaher. 
They are doing their duty in warning the people. Honour to them! 

--Well, it is perfectly dreadful to say that not even for one day in the year, 
said Mrs Dedalus, can we be free from these dreadful disputes! 

Uncle Charles raised his hands mildly and said: 

--Come now, come now, come now! Can we not have our opinions whatever they are 
without this bad temper and this bad language? It is too bad surely. 

Mrs Dedalus spoke to Dante in a low voice but Dante said loudly: 

--I will not say nothing. All I want is to have a look at her. Wells too would 
be there but no fellow would look at him. Then he said secretly: 

--You know the altar wine they keep in the press in the sacristy? 

--Yes. ‘I don’t think that that’s a fair question to put to me,’ says 
I. ” 

Nosey Flynn was sitting up in his usual corner of Davy Byrne’s and, when he 
heard the story, he stood Farrington a half-one, saying it was as smart a thing 
as ever he heard. . . . Well, you better look sharp and get a copy of our 
correspondence in the Delacour case for Mr Alleyne. His face was heavy, pale 
and clean-shaven. Was that right? His father was a marshal now: higher than a 
magistrate. The instant flashed forth like a point of light and now from cloud 
on cloud of vague circumstance confused form was veiling softly its afterglow. 
The firmament was as a scroll rolled away. Everyone roared laughing when he 
showed the way in which Mr Alleyne shook his fist in Farrington’s face. One 
fellow had a good voice, another fellow was a good actor, another could sing a 
good comic song, another was a good oarsman or a good racket player, another 
could tell a good story and so on. Temple is in grand form. 

Temple turned on him his dark gipsy eyes. Hell is the centre of evils and, as 
you know, things are more intense at their centres than at their remotest 
points. There are no contraries or admixtures of any kind to temper or soften 
in the least the pains of hell. The soul of the gallant venal city which his 
elders had told him of had shrunk with time to a faint mortal odour rising from 
the earth and he knew that in a moment when he entered the sombre college he 
would be conscious of a corruption other than that of Buck Egan and Burnchapel 
Whaley. He had sinned mortally not once but many times and he knew that, while 
he stood in danger of eternal damnation for the first sin alone, by every 
succeeding sin he multiplied his guilt and his punishment. He knew his part. He 
would love that, he said, better than anything in this world; and his voice, as 
he led me monotonously through the mystery, grew almost affectionate and seemed 
to plead with me that I should understand him. It was his habit to walk swiftly 
in the street even by day and whenever he found himself in the city late at 
night he hurried on his way apprehensively and excitedly. He left her crying on 
the bed and moaning softly: _“O my God!”_ 

Going down the stairs his glasses became so dimmed with moisture that he had to 
take them off and polish them. 

The rain-laden trees of the avenue evoked in him, as always, memories of the 
girls and women in the plays of Gerhart Hauptmann; and the memory of their pale 
sorrows and the fragrance falling from the wet branches mingled in a mood of 
quiet joy. Yes! Yes! Yes! He would create proudly out of the freedom and power 
of his soul, as the great artificer whose name he bore, a living thing, new and 
soaring and beautiful, impalpable, imperishable. 

He started up nervously from the stone-block for he could no longer quench the 
flame in his blood. One time I hear you talk against English literature. A 
waiter was running up a trail of bunting on the flagstaff and a fox terrier was 
scampering to and fro on the sunny lawn. He let it rebound twice or thrice to 
his hand and struck it strongly and swiftly towards the base of the alley, 
exclaiming in answer to its thud: 

--Your soul! 

Stephen stood with Lynch till the score began to rise. One human being had 
seemed to love him and he had denied her life and happiness: he had sentenced 
her to ignominy, a death of shame. A movement of impatience escaped him. 

He went once or twice with his mother to visit their relatives: and though they 
passed a jovial array of shops lit up and adorned for Christmas his mood of 
embittered silence did not leave him. But his hands were bluish with cold. 
Moreover, our earthly fire destroys at the same time as it burns, so that the 
more intense it is the shorter is its duration; but the fire of hell has this 
property, that it preserves that which it burns, and, though it rages with 
incredible intensity, it rages for ever. 

--Our earthly fire again, no matter how fierce or widespread it may be, is 
always of a limited extent; but the lake of fire in hell is boundless, 
shoreless and bottomless. Terror is the feeling which arrests the mind in the 
presence of whatsoever is grave and constant in human sufferings and unites it 
with the secret cause. 

--Repeat, said Lynch. Three days' silence in the refectory and sending us up 
for six and eight every minute. 

--I am waiting for your answer, said MacCann briefly. He would be at one with 
others and with God. He could hear them playing in the playgrounds. 

At last Fleming said: 

--And we are all to be punished for what other fellows did? 

--I won't come back, see if I do, Cecil Thunder said. Then he took a coin 
rapidly from his pocket. 

Stephen made a vague gesture of denial. Then he said: 

--Poor old Christy, he's nearly lopsided now with roguery. 

--But I told him I broke them, sir, and he pandied me. Thought this in bed last 
night but was too lazy and free to add to it. Free, yes. The exhausted loins 
are those of Elizabeth and Zacchary. The hollow rattle of the wooden dumbbells 
was heard as another team made ready to go up on the stage: and in another 
moment the excited prefect was hustling the boys through the vestry like a 
flock of geese, flapping the wings of his soutane nervously and crying to the 
laggards to make haste. With one foot on the sea and one foot on the land he 
blew from the arch-angelical trumpet the brazen death of time. The three blasts 
of the angel filled all the universe. 

The two young men walked up the street without speaking, the mournful music 
following them. As he did so the flame lit up a leaf of dark glossy ivy in the 
lapel of his coat. 

“I’m not done with you yet,” she said. 

When all had taken their seats he laid his hand on the cover and then said 
quickly, withdrawing it: 

--Now, Stephen. 

--That thought is not mine, he said to himself quickly. The first arts' men are 
pretty sure. They had forgotten all about it. He was standing with her in the 
cold, looking in through a grated window at a man making bottles in a roaring 
furnace. He seemed to bear disappointments lightly. 

As he stood silent in the middle of the room she came over to him and embraced 
him gaily and gravely. Our day will come yet, believe me. But the sulphurous 
brimstone which burns in hell is a substance which is specially designed to 
burn for ever and for ever with unspeakable fury. 

When he was quite sure that the narrative had ended he laughed noiselessly for 
fully half a minute. There would be cloudy grey light over the playgrounds. . 
