. . . Very unpleasant, no doubt, but I rather fancy it will affect more important people than you. Yet 
it is not always the burliest and the wildest who are the most to be dreaded. To that Providence, my sons, I hereby commend 

you, and I counsel you by way of caution to forbear from 

crossing the moor in those dark hours when the powers of 

evil are exalted. It is for this reason that I am compelled to be vague in my narrative, and I would warn my readers that in any map or diagram which I may give the relation of places to each other may be correct, but the points of the compass are carefully confused, so that in no way can it be taken as an actual guide to the country. Anything more 
monotonous and wearying could not be imagined, for, even at the most open places, I could not see more than ten or twelve yards, while usually my vision was limited to the back of Lord John's cotton jacket in front of me, and to the yellow wall within a foot of me on either side. "  "It may be so," answered Holmes, shrugging his shoulders. "  "Hardly that. Viewing the matter as an abstract problem, I had forgotten how personal and painful a thing it might be to you. I assure you, however, that I never even knew that you had a brother until you handed me the watch. "  An hour and half had elapsed before the Inspector returned alone. )]  [Footnote 2: "JOHN H. WATSON, M. I had been with them five years, and old Coxon gave me a ripping good testimonial when the smash came, but of course we clerks were all turned adrift, the twenty-seven of us. There were no signs of the papers. Yet they are not averse 
to comfortable chairs and the latest periodicals. Those are the true gentles. But your chapman or your bearward will swear that there is a lime in the wine, and water in the ale, and fling off at the last with a curse instead of a blessing. Parliament had risen. Everybody was out of town, and I yearned for 
the glades of the New Forest or the shingle of Southsea. "  "Really! Does it not strike you as a little singular that this McCarthy, who appears to have had little of his own, and to have been under such obligations to Turner, should still talk of marrying his son to Turner's daughter, who is, presumably, heiress to the estate, and that in such a very cocksure manner, as if it were merely a case of a proposal and all else would follow? It is the more strange, since we know that Turner himself was averse to the idea. "  "Have you ever heard where his first wife came from?"  "No, I remember his saying that she was of German extraction, and I have seen her portrait. "  "Take a stride forward to prove it. "I noted, in passing, that she had written 
a note before leaving home but after being fully dressed. You don't mind the smell of strong tobacco, I hope?"  "I always smoke 'ship's' myself," I answered. "No; of course not. I am loath 
to go, for it is quite on the cards that some message may come during the day, though Wiggins was despondent about it last night. "  "Could it have gone up the river?"  "I have considered that possibility too, and there is a search-party who will work up as far as Richmond. "This is the envelope," he continued. "I 
must ask you, Professor Challenger, to cease these ignorant and unmannerly interruptions. I have brought you a fortune. To this day she 
declares that I told her one moving anecdote as to how a musket looked into my tent at the dead of night, and how I fired a double-barrelled tiger cub at it. "  "That is true," said Sir Henry. Holmes was very serious in his manner, myself curious, and the detectives obviously critical and annoyed. "There are one or two small points which I should desire to clear up before I go," said he. "You feared, as I understand, that very grave results might follow from the details of this treaty becoming known. Holmes considered for a moment. I am about to 
write your check, however unwelcome the information which you have gained may be to me. "  There was a pause after the stock-broker's clerk had concluded his surprising experience. As he did so I caught a glimpse of his face in the mirror over the mantelpiece. I did not know how this Agra treasure had weighed me down, until now that it was finally removed. "  "That is a very strong prod of yours," said Johnston, shaking his grizzled head as he glanced at the thick arch and powerful strings of his rival's arbalest. "Silver Blaze," said he, "is from the Somomy stock, and 
holds as brilliant a record as his famous ancestor. He is now in his fifth year, and has brought in turn each of the prizes of the turf to Colonel Ross, his fortunate owner. His message, as I remember, was full of kindness and love. You see that I am weaving my web round Thaddeus. But don't tell him so, for it makes him very violent. You can't pick or choose. "  So thrilling had the man's narrative been, and his manner was so impressive that we had sat silent and absorbed. "  "Ah, it's the first thought that came to you! So it will be up at the lodge. Sherlock Holmes looked slowly round, and his face assumed an ominous expression. He then hailed a cab, and ordered the 
driver to take us to the address given us by Lestrade. Douglas was a rich gentleman who had made 
his money in America. It was a short interview, if there were any interview at all; for Mrs. I sat frozen with horror for a minute or two. "  "Well, who was the murdered man?" asked Holmes. I could distinctly see the 
isolated, tree-crowned pinnacle of rock which was detached from the crag. "  "Oh, you return tomorrow?"  "That is my intention. "  "What affairs?"  "Good Lord, mister! you are queer, if I must say it without offense. "  "Thank you. "This is not a footmark," said I. The rooms were carefully examined, and results all pointed 
to an abominable crime. Far from feeling guilty, I rejoiced and exulted in our dangers. Norbury tugged thrice with all his strength upon the 
cord, and then lowered himself over the edge, while a hundred anxious faces peered over at him as he slowly clambered downwards to the end of the rope. Twice he stretched out his foot, and twice he failed to reach the point at which he aimed, but even as he swung himself for a third effort a stone from a sling buzzed like a wasp from amid the rocks and struck him full upon the side of his head. Burley lay senseless, stunned by a blow from a mace, and 
half of the men-at-arms lay littered upon the ground around him. Sir Nigel's shield was broken, his crest shorn, his armor cut and smashed, and the vizor torn from his helmet; yet he sprang hither and thither with light foot and ready hand, engaging two Bretons and a Spaniard at the same instant--thrusting, stooping, dashing in, springing out--while Alleyne still fought by his side, stemming with a handful of men the fierce tide which surged up against them. "Perchance, my fair sir," he whispered, "there 
is some small vow of which I may relieve you. Might we not have some honorable debate upon the matter. "  I crept forward and looked across at the familiar window. "  "I'm too ill to think. He had nothing a few years ago. A few yards off he stopped under a lamp-post and laughed in the hearty, noiseless fashion which was peculiar to him. Lord John Roxton expostulated on behalf of the wretched victims, and received nothing but threats and insults for his pains. "So early in the day too," said he. 
"There is some deep intrigue going on round that little woman, and it is our duty to see that no one molests her upon that last journey. If you cast your mind back to some of those narratives with which you have afflicted a long-suffering public, you will recognize how often the grotesque has deepened into the criminal. "  "You think then, definitely, that Barker and Mrs. I have already arranged what 
is to occur. His answers lingered in my mind. Challenger had turned to the king and 
waved his hands frantically before him. "As late as eight o'clock I distinctly felt the same choking at my throat which came at the outset. 
Absolutely no clue in them to Mr. Angel, save that he quotes Balzac once. There is one remarkable point, however, which will no doubt strike you. At the sound of our steps he glanced round and sprang to his feet with a cry of pleasure. Our advance, therefore, was very slow, and two hours at least must have passed before I saw by Lord John's cautious movements that we must be close to our destination. They 
pointed out the fish and dead birds lying about among the rocks as proving the nature of the food of these creatures, and I heard them congratulating each other on having cleared up the point why the bones of this flying dragon are found in such great numbers in certain well-defined areas, as in the Cambridge Green-sand, since it was now seen that, like penguins, they lived in gregarious fashion. Oh, do not waste the so-precious time, but come!'  "This time, at least, I did not scorn her advice. The girl was taken to her 
room, still screaming and sobbing, while I made inquiries about Brunton. Our wagonette had 
topped a rise and in front of us rose the huge expanse of the moor, mottled with gnarled and craggy cairns and tors. "There's a convict escaped from Princetown, sir. "You see the slight smudge of blood upon the white plaster. You were wearing, I may remark, the same pair of ribbed tennis shoes which are at the present moment upon your feet. The road from 
Chiltern Grange is a lonely one, and at one spot it is particularly so, for it lies for over a mile between Charlington Heath upon one side and the woods which lie round Charlington Hall upon the other. It is true that he started home at an hour 
which should have brought him to Westminster before the time when the crime was discovered, but his own explanation that he had walked part of the way seemed probable enough in view of the fineness of the night. I was returning, my work accomplished, when I had occasion to spend a night at a small Indian village at a point where a certain tributary--the name and position of which I withhold--opens into the main river. The ceiling was only a foot or two above my head, and with my hand upraised I could feel its hard, rough surface. What all this meant I 
could not imagine, but I was deeply ashamed to have witnessed so intimate a scene without my friend's knowledge. "  "Yes, but she is a good sort, or I am mistaken. It was broken by the high 
trill of the telephone-bell. I have had nothing since breakfast. Do you stay here, and the odds are that you will see me again in an hour or two. "  "You have not seen him since yesterday?"  "No, I have not. "  "Yes; but the next step wants considering. A fool takes in all the lumber of 
every sort that he comes across, so that the knowledge which might be useful to him gets crowded out, or at best is jumbled up with a lot of other things so that he has a difficulty in laying his hands upon it. That was the breathless burden of his message. I fear that unless you can give me some more definite information than this it would be impossible to get him to move. [26] fancy that he suspected something 
when Drebber failed to put in an appearance. He was cunning, was Stangerson, and always on his guard. He was clad in a professional but rather slovenly fashion, for his frock-coat was dingy and his trousers frayed. You must make a 
clean breast of it, for if you do I hope that I may be of use to you. "  "Yet I have known the king's enemies claim to ride in his same," said Sir Nigel. Again a startled look came over the somewhat vacuous face of Miss Mary Sutherland. Someone turned the handle and beat upon the outside of the door. Holmes looked swiftly round. "  "The other is that it has been engineered by Moriarty in the ordinary course of business. I was at a loss what to say or what to do, and before I had made up my mind he picked up his cane and was gone. "  "Gone, eh!" said the little girl. Watson! I assure you that you will be helping us--helping me greatly if you will guide us on that point. "  There was such a ring of sincerity in the woman's voice that for the instant I forgot all about her levity and was moved only to do her will. "  Lord St. These folk are strange people, and you must hold their love, even as you have it now, for you will get from their kindness what all the pennons in your army could not wring from them. "Having 
secured him, it is evident to me that a consultation of some sort was held. I telegraphed to the head of the police at Cleveland, limiting my enquiry to the circumstances connected with the marriage of Enoch Drebber. I pay a good deal of attention to matters of detail, as you may have observed, and I had examined the hall, and was sure that the wall was clear. Sholto, 
sir, when pop he went through a hole in the middle of it. He was able to prove an alibi which could not be shaken. "Yes, 
sir. There he is again!  He has a candle in his hand. The yellow cog had been 
engaged, with Goodwin Hawtayne in command, and a month after the wedding Alleyne rode down to Bucklershard to see if she had come round yet from Southampton. "I have to thank you for a good deal," 
said he. Having got the doctor's general direction, I spent the day in visiting all the villages upon that side of Cambridge, and comparing notes with publicans and other local news agencies. "  "It was a slight, sir, a public slight," said Lord St. "I think it may be 
fairly assumed that if it does not come outwards it must run inwards. McMurdo turned and saw that one of the policemen had shifted 
in his seat and was staring out into the fiery waste. "You were too soft for the job," said he. "  "And the place?"  "The tilting-yard is empty at this hour. Now cast your mind back, Holmes. You 
can lie as you like, Holmes. " He turned to his desk and scribbled off several telegrams, which were handed over to the page-boy. "What, how, man! are brave archers to go maidless while an old man uses one as a walking-staff?"  "Come with me, my honey-bird!" cried a third, plucking at the girl's mantle. Holmes. Between ourselves, what little I have is in that box, so you can understand what it means to me when unknown people force themselves into my rooms. "They're 
married!" I gasped. "Come on!" cried our guide, "come on!" He rushed across the 
glade, Holmes and I at his heels. "Now, stand there!"  He struck a match on his boot and held it up against the wall. "  "Ah, Sir Bertrand knows, the naughty one!" cried the Lady Rochefort. That is 
actually sketched from the life. Our inquiries led to no result; and from that day to this no word has ever been heard of my unfortunate father. But Challenger had some unwieldy stuff which he ardently desired to take with him, and one particular package, of which I may not speak, which gave us more labor than any. "He'll be the boy for the clean job," said the oldsters to one another, and waited their time until they could set him to his work. McGinty 
had instruments enough already; but he recognized that this was a supremely able one. I asked him when he recovered who Bodymaster McGinty was, and whose body he was master of. McArdle. "Well," 
he cried, expectantly, "what may it run to?  I'm thinking, young man, you have been in the wars. I hope to heaven that he has gone, for 
he has brought nothing but trouble here! I've not heard of him since I left out food for him last, and that was three days ago. Turn thy quiver to me, Aylward. I love an ash arrow pierced with cornel-wood for a roving shaft. A huge rock, falling from above, boomed past me, struck the path, and bounded over into the chasm. Thus at the very moment that we thought that all was safe we were all four seized and brought to trial on a charge of murder,--three of us because we had held the gate that night, and the fourth because he was known to have been in the company of the murdered man. Sometimes the fatal numbers appeared upon the 
walls, sometimes upon the floors, occasionally they were on small placards stuck upon the garden gate or the railings. The paper over each window was 
impenetrable to light, and a blue curtain was drawn across the glass work in front. "I have a pistol," it cried. "  "You are both very kind," she answered. There is always one about there; but I 
can step across the road and telephone to make sure. Whatever fate may be mine 
through life, I am very sure that I shall never be nearer death than I was that morning. Sherlock Holmes and Jones sat with their hands upon their knees, 
deeply interested in the story, but with the same disgust written upon their faces. "I've been down to Scotland Yard, Mr. We want no stranger here. "  "Oxygen!" cried the agonized voice. "  "It's awful, Mr. "There are two words in this matter. Holmes scribbled a receipt upon a sheet of his note-book and handed it to him. There may have been only one. But at last we could see 
whence it came, and then we knew that we were indeed very close. "  "Well, you see me. On reaching Scotland Yard, however, it was more than an hour before we could get Inspector Gregson and comply with the legal formalities which would enable us to enter the house. Some of them 
who had disappeared into the jungle came back presently driving a young iguanodon before them. Having 
described the genesis of their journey, and paid a handsome tribute to his friend Professor Challenger, coupled with an apology for the incredulity with which his assertions, now fully vindicated, had been received, he gave the actual course of their journey, carefully withholding such information as would aid the public in any attempt to locate this remarkable plateau. "I come," he shouted in a 
hoarse, thick voice, with a strong Breton accent, "as squire and herald from my master, who is a very valiant pursuivant-of-arms, and a liegeman to the great and powerful monarch, Charles, king of the French. This time there was loud applause. He had it--and he imagined that I would have it, too. Porter had sent a boy down with an 
urgent message. I sprang in beside him and we drove on. But there could be none. His 
keen face, with those unforgettable eyes, so fierce and yet so humorous, flushed with pleasure at the sight of us. "I am so glad 
that you have come," said he, shaking our hands with effusion. "Great Scott!" cried the athlete. I know him from the photograph. I 
was not such a selfish hound as that. For example, in Dr. Of course, the meaning of this was obvious. Besides, I can read in a man's eye when it is his own 
skin that he is frightened for. "  "That settles this exit. Not a word came to us either from Wiggins or from the other agencies. "  "Ah! there I am not in a position to help you. "So much for afternoon walks!" 
said he. "  "Don't you think it may be a little premature? I can't help thinking that your evidence is not complete. "Canst thou so? Hast forgotten that the five-and-thirtieth rule of the order is that in the presence of a woman the face should be ever averted and the eyes cast down? Hast forgot it, I say? If your eyes were upon your sandals, how came ye to see this smile of which ye prate? A week in your cells, false brethren, a week of rye-bread and lentils, with double lauds and double matins, may help ye to remembrance of the laws under which ye live. "  "Well, bethink you that it is but three days ere you will all be gone, and Castle Twynham be as dull as the Priory. But surely this event could not 
have found its way into the Plymouth morning papers. Was this not evidence?'  (Several voices, 'No. ') 'Who said no?'  "DR. ILLINGWORTH (rising):  'Our point is that such a collection might have been made in other places than a prehistoric plateau. Thenceforward that was our one safety, and every strained situation was relieved by our introducing the name of the Scotch zoologist, when both our Professors would form a temporary alliance and friendship in their detestation and abuse of this common rival. Advancing in single file along the 
bank of the stream, we soon found that it narrowed down to a mere brook, and finally that it lost itself in a great green morass of sponge-like mosses, into which we sank up to our knees. The place was horribly haunted by clouds of mosquitoes and every form of flying pest, so we were glad to find solid ground again and to make a circuit among the trees, which enabled us to outflank this pestilent morass, which droned like an organ in the distance, so loud was it with insect life. The garden was bounded by a three-foot brick wall with a fringe of wood rails upon the top, and against this wall was leaning a stalwart police constable, surrounded by a small knot of loafers, who craned their necks and strained their eyes in the vain hope of catching some glimpse of the proceedings within. I find 
them recorded in my notes under the headings of "The Adventure of the Second Stain," "The Adventure of the Naval Treaty," and "The Adventure of the Tired Captain. That's how he died. " He watched us with sullen eyes until we 
had left his premises. "  "You look surprised, and no wonder! Relieved, too, I fancy! Hum! You still smoke the Arcadia mixture of your bachelor days then! There's no mistaking that fluffy ash upon your coat. "  "Did you point out to her that you and Mr. By the way, I have been reading a 
short but clear and interesting account of the old building, purchasable at the modest sum of one penny from the local tobacconist. Her jet-black hair was gathered back under a light pink coif, her head poised proudly upon her neck, and her step long and springy, like that of some wild, tireless woodland creature. Had he 
any enemies? Well, every man had enemies, but Mr. Oldacre kept himself very much to himself, and only met people in the way of business. She had seen the buttons, and was sure that they belonged to the clothes which he had worn last night. Fowler at 
a friend's house. As well as I could learn, Miss Alice had rights of her own by will, but she was so quiet and patient, she was, that she never said a word about them but just left everything in Mr. To Alleyne's eye, it was as if John had taken unto himself wings and flown. 

"Yours faithfully, 

"GEORGE EDWARD CHALLENGER. 

What of the men? 

The men were bred in England, 

The bowmen, the yeomen, 

The lads of the dale and fell, 

Here's to you and to you, 

To the hearts that are true, 

And the land where the true hearts dwell. '  Hope you know your Gordon, for he's the poet of the horse and the gun and the man that handles both. "  "It is nothing of the sort," said Summerlee, abruptly. Douglas. Then either in cold blood or in the course of a struggle--Douglas may have gripped the hammer that was found upon the mat--he shot Douglas in this horrible way. The last that the porter saw of them, they were almost running down the street in the direction of the Strand. It was obvious, then, that those initials had once been very familiar to you, and that you had afterwards wished to forget them. "In Brixton Road, this morning," it ran, "a plain gold wedding ring, found in the roadway between the 'White Hart' Tavern and Holland Grove. "Deep. "  "A penitentiary job?"  "And the rest. "Well, Watson, what do you make of it?"  Holmes was sitting with his back to me, and I had given him no sign of my occupation. Warren, let us hear about it, then. If you will both come up 
and leave your boots below on the landing, I'll put you there now. "  Sherlock Holmes was not very communicative during the long drive and lay back in the cab humming the tunes which he had heard in the afternoon. "And now, Lord St. "  "Well, moonshine is a brighter thing than fog," said Holmes, laughing. "You gave me such a fright. "  "Then, sir, prepare for war. "Can you fit us both into your dog-cart?"  "Yes, I can. "  "What reparation can I make?"  "Where is Oberstein with the papers?"  "I do not know. "My God, but it is a noble fight!" shouted big John, clapping 
his hands. "What has come upon us? What devil's deed is this?"  "Here is flint and steel," said John stolidly. "  "You shall have it then. That is much more likely, for he would have known what their term of imprisonment was. We succeeded in our object at a cost which both the specialist and Dr. We were to provide both the officers with charts of the part of the Agra fort and mark the place in the wall where the treasure was hid. It was a wild and desolate 
place, where the moon glimmered upon a wide expanse of marsh-land, with pools of stagnant water and beds of decaying vegetation. Good has come out of evil, however, for the barmaid, finding from the papers that he is in serious trouble and likely to be hanged, has thrown him over utterly and has written to him to say that she has a husband already in the Bermuda Dockyard, so that there is really no tie between them. Holmes, where 
HAVE you lived?"  Holmes laughed at the young giant's naive astonishment. I wish I knew how you 
reach your results. "  "There isn't a cat in it, for example?"  "No. Leaving the limp and motionless body of the editor at the head of the stair, the criminals rushed down and made their way swiftly along the street. He was sitting up in bed, horribly agitated, for he had heard enough to convince him that something terrible had occurred. "Is she?" he said, languidly. "No, it 
certainly is not. He has gone to his room, sir. Mother said he was quite right to make me swear, and that it was a sign of his passion. Mother was all 
in his favour from the first and was even fonder of him than I was. Then, when they talked of marrying within the week, I began to ask about father; but they both said never to mind about father, but just to tell him afterwards, and mother said she would make it all right with him. He had hardly turned to leave the hut when Hopkin's hand was on the fellow's collar, and I heard his loud gasp of terror as he understood that he was taken. When confronted with his cravat, he turned very pale, and was utterly unable to account for its presence in the hand of the murdered man. Rucastle met me 
here and drove me in his dog-cart to the Copper Beeches. I turned the key gently in the 
lock, opened the door, and slipped through. "  "Oh, you may carry that feeling away with you. His pension was due. With a 
grim, white face, he retraced his steps to where he had dropped the food, and having stirred up the smouldering fire, he cooked enough to last him for a few days. It was a blazing hot day in August. "However, we were really 
independent of her help. The treasure must afterwards be handed over to the 
authorities until after the official investigation. I sat down beside the fire, however, with the intention of awaiting him, however long he might be. His face was flushed with anger and his brows were wrinkled, like one who is at his wit's ends what to do. Holmes, however, like all great artists, lived for his art's sake, and, save in the case of the Duke of Holdernesse, I have seldom known him claim any large reward for his inestimable services. "  Holmes for a second time held out his hand to the sailor. "  "It could not have been on the side of the heath, or I should have seen him. "  Holmes opened it and smelled the single cigar which it contained. C. , from A. 
S. H. M. , and boarded the S. "  "It is a mark that I have found before now," answered the young bowman. "  "Yes, at the mines. I _knew_ you came from Afghanistan. '--'Are we never to 
get out of the Valley of Fear?' I have asked him when I have seen him more serious than usual. 'Sometimes I think that we never shall,' he has answered. "  "Surely you asked him what he meant by the Valley of Fear?"  "I did; but his face would become very grave and he would shake his head. "No, sir. You gave permission for that, Mr. "  The vessels were indeed so far apart now that the Genoese could use the full sweep of their oars, and draw away rapidly from the cog. "And a widower. 
"If criminals would always schedule their movements like railway trains, it would certainly be more convenient for all of us. Mark me else. It is of importance. "Pray sit down on the sofa," said 
Holmes gently. This is my friend and colleague, Dr. They were all five 
arrested, but the evidence against them was by no means conclusive. "  Holmes opened the case, and moistening his finger he passed it along the shoe. "Well if your conscience can stand it----"  "It has never failed me yet. "Many a night have I heard that song, both in the old war-time and after in the days of the White Company, when Black Simon of Norwich would lead the stave, and four hundred of the best bowmen that ever drew string would come roaring in upon the chorus. I have seen old John Hawkwood, the same who has led half the Company into Italy, stand laughing in his beard as he heard it, until his plates rattled again. "  "I trust," said I, laughing, "that my judgment may survive the ordeal. "  "That you are never beaten. "Ah! is that so?" The young man seemed interested. 
He's off again," said my companion, in a tone of relief. He had gone the length of faking some photographs over the South American business. He hardly speaks a word of English, and we can get nothing out of him but grunts. In an instant--but 
it was just one instant too late--they resumed their solemn masks as my figure came into view. All 
along by the sedgy banks of the rivers long lines of pages led their masters' chargers down to water, while the knights themselves lounged in gayly-dressed groups about the doors of their pavilions, or rode out, with their falcons upon their wrists and their greyhounds behind them, in quest of quail or of leveret. "  "Alas! that I should say it, but I also am now the only Edricson. Malone. I 
called you back for some more serious purpose than to mix you up with our little domestic pleasantries. There was a broad pathway with many tracks upon it at the spot which I had found, so that it was clearly one of the drinking-places of the animals. Cheer up, Watson, for I am very sure that our material has not yet all come to hand. When it 
does we may soon leave our difficulties behind us. "'For a long time I sat half 
distracted, wondering what I should do. My first impulse was, of course, to 
call for assistance; but I could not but recognize that there was every chance that I would be accused of his murder. "    CHAPTER XXVIII. "Well if your conscience can stand it----"  "It has never failed me yet. "Many a night have I heard that song, both in the old war-time and after in the days of the White Company, when Black Simon of Norwich would lead the stave, and four hundred of the best bowmen that ever drew string would come roaring in upon the chorus. "And a last cup to the maids of our heart!" 
cried Aylward. "  The study proved to be a small chamber, lined on three sides with books, and with a writing-table facing an ordinary window, which looked out upon the garden. "  "Thank you. "I wish to heaven that you had been first!" she sobbed. "Any ignoramus can hand down his worthless memory by imposing it upon a mountain or a river. Barclay 
should prove to be in serious trouble. "  "In that case, of course, I'd come forward. "  "God bless you for saying that!" cried Miss Harrison. I would station a score of archers here in the pass, with all our pennons jutting forth from the rocks, and as many nakirs and drums and bugles as we have with us, so that those who follow us in the fading light may think that the whole army of the prince is upon them, and fear to go further. The wound upon the dead man was, as I was able to determine with absolute confidence, fired from a revolver at the distance of something over four yards. "  "Indeed, your example is an unfortunate one for your argument," said Holmes, taking the paper and glancing his eye down it. Once I am in his 
room I may see some opening. Alleyne gave his staff a merry flourish, however, 
and the red deer bethought him that the King was far off, so streaked away from whence he came. His cheeks were flushed and his eyes shining, for the blood of a hundred fighting Saxon ancestors was beginning to stir in his veins. "I had not thought that you had taken it 
so amiss," said he awkwardly. "  Dame Eliza looked doubtfully at him, as though fearing some other stratagem, but, as he made no demand for ale, she finally brought the paints, and watched him as he smeared on his background, talking the while about the folk round the fire. "So you came over, the two of you, and 
hunted up the girl. I surprised you by beating upon the pavement with my stick. It pulled up at our 
door, and our friend, the vicar, sprang from it and rushed up our garden path. Here and there one hears a question. Letter from Lord Merrow, report 
from Sir Charles Hardy, memorandum from Belgrade, note on the Russo-German grain taxes, letter from Madrid, note from Lord Flowers----Good heavens! what is this? Lord Bellinger! Lord Bellinger!"  The Premier snatched the blue envelope from his hand. "Yes, it is it--and the 
letter is intact. "You can come up, and I am sorry if my precautions have annoyed you. I conjure you by everything 
you hold dear to answer a few questions. "  He hurried for the door, and knocked in his peculiar way. Now, Mr. _Judex damnatur_--you know the old saw. Here am I upholding the good fame of the learned Duns Scotus against the foolish quibblings and poor silly reasonings of Willie Ockham. 'A husband's cruelty to his wife. ' There is half a column of print, but I know without reading it that it is all perfectly familiar to me. Apply them!"  "I can only think of the obvious conclusion that the man has practised in town before going to the country. "  "I think that we might venture a little farther than this. Simon said 
something about 'jumping a claim. "I think that I shall have a whisky and soda and a cigar after all this cross-questioning. "  "On the contrary, my dear sir," cried the King; "nothing could be more successful. Know then that though there may be peace between our own 
provinces and the French, yet within the marches of France there is always war, for the country is much divided against itself, and is furthermore harried by bands of flayers, skinners, Brabacons, tardvenus, and the rest of them. But see the church in the hollow, and the folk who cluster in the churchyard! By my hilt! it is a burial, and there is a passing bell!" He pulled off his steel cap as he spoke and crossed himself, with a muttered prayer for the repose of the dead. "  I took it up between my finger and thumb. I looked into her eyes and I read it 
all there. "  I struck again, and she lay stretched beside him. I had brought a 
pack of cards in my pocket, and I thought that, as we were a partie carrée, you might have your rubber after all. I don't know, anyhow, that I should have cared to part with it; but if I had wanted to I couldn't. Lyons 
upon the evening before, for Dr. Her hands were grasping the arms of her chair, and I saw that the pink nails had turned white with the pressure of her grip. The lady lay back exhausted upon a couch, but her quick, observant gaze, as we entered the room, and the alert expression of her beautiful features, showed that neither her wits nor her courage had been shaken by her terrible experience. The two police officers were 
dozing. Now, if you feel a little more composed, I should be glad if you would sit down in that chair, and tell us very slowly and quietly who you are, and what it is that you want. Would you have the kindness to let me have an opinion upon the character or habits of the late owner?"  I handed him over the watch with some slight feeling of amusement in my heart, for the test was, as I thought, an impossible one, and I intended it as a lesson against the somewhat dogmatic tone which he occasionally assumed. "  "My imitation of the clucking hen who had just laid an egg was also considered rather above the average. As I passed the tall man who sat by the brazier I felt a sudden pluck at my skirt, and a low voice whispered, "Walk past me, and then look back at me. I crouched low among the bushes, for I knew from past experience that with a single cry the creature could bring a hundred of its loathsome mates about my ears. The old crone drew out an evening paper, and pointed at our advertisement. "The Indians know. "Precisely. John Horner, a plumber, was accused of having abstracted it from the lady's jewel-case. "  "Ah, Mr. "My word! it's later than I thought. If I might ask you to wait here for an instant, I have a question which I should like to put to the maid. But in any case it was a blow to him and it would take him some time before he could prepare himself to meet it. Holmes, when, on my return on the Monday, I saw the same man on the same stretch of road. "I suppose, then, if you have never heard of Godfrey Staunton, you don't know Cyril Overton either?"  Holmes shook his head good humouredly. Holmes," he said. "In that case I should be glad to hear the evidence and to examine the premises without an instant of unnecessary delay. You have condoned a felony, 
and you have aided the escape of a murderer, for I cannot doubt that any money which was taken by James Wilder to aid his accomplice in his flight came from your Grace's purse. Add to that the length of neck and head, and you get a creature not much less than two feet long--probably more if there is any tail. But now observe this other measurement. We may waste time in following the wrong one, but sooner or later we must come upon the right. A lucky long shot of my 
revolver might have crippled him, but I had brought it only to defend myself if attacked and not to shoot an unarmed man who was running away. He writhed his hands together as he stood, and his features were in a perpetual jerk, now smiling, now scowling, but never for an instant in repose. I was sure that he would make an attempt to get me out of the way AT once, and would bring round his murderous weapon for that purpose. " And so the matter was allowed to rest. Thaddeus Sholto talked incessantly, in 
a voice which rose high above the rattle of the wheels. By a singular piece of good fortune, Mr. I thought you might be a little out of your depth. Our friends are wise, for it is certainly a very fine morning for a walk. "Far down the course of time I can see her still leading the nations, a wayward queen among the peoples, great in war, but greater in peace, quick in thought, deft in action, with her people's will for her sole monarch, from the sands of Calais to the blue seas of the south. "  "Ha!" cried Du Guesclin, with his eyes flashing in triumph, "you hear her, Sir Nigel?--and she never yet said word which was not sooth. "How in 
thunder came you to know anything about it?" he asked. He wheeled round upon his stool, 
with a steaming test-tube in his hand, and a gleam of amusement in his deep-set eyes. He had remained on that 
three-foot path, with sheer wall on one side and sheer drop on the other, until his enemy had overtaken him. He was suddenly arrested, however, by the appearance 
of a wild-looking fellow armed with a club, who sprang out from behind a tree and barred his passage. "All ready, Samkin?"  "Ready, camarade. I have no doubt that there were times when my life hung in the balance. "  The name was indeed well known to us as belonging to the senior partner in the second largest private banking concern in the City of London. "What color! What outlines! See to this martyrdom of the holy Stephen, Ford. "Gladys!" I cried. 
She was altered in some subtle way. "'Why, if it isn't Mr. "My heart had turned to lead. "  "What! do you still pursue the quarrel?" asked Tranter. His young mind 
hungered for plain facts of life, after the long course of speculation and of mysticism on which he had been trained. "Good-day, sir; good-day," said he. "Mr. Holmes," she said, "this man 
had offered me marriage on condition that I could get a divorce from my husband. Even now I do not understand how 
you attained this result. The thought was banished, however, by the voice of 
the lady from the inner room crying:--  "George, George, I am stifling!"  "It is all right, Mrs. And the flight was a swift one, since it took five miles before an expert cyclist could overtake them. We had sprung to our feet, and for a few moments we stared in silent amazement at this ponderous piece of wreckage, which told of some sudden and fatal storm far out on the ocean of life. Challenger did weep--when we 
passed a great council school and saw the long trail of tiny figures scattered down the road which led from it. I devised a simple but effective experiment. "  "Which means, I suppose, that you are not quite clear about your case?"  "It means that I can make neither head nor tail of it. "I should be so glad," 
said I, "if you would give me an account of it. I dare say you would find a heap of Smalls living there now if you were to look. It is a 
blessed night this when I am once more in safety,--I and my poor possessions. My mind 
had been too much excited by all that had occurred, and the strangest fancies and surmises crowded into it. Toby never hesitated or swerved, but waddled on in his peculiar rolling fashion. It accepted after some 
hesitation a lump of sugar which the old naturalist handed to me, and, having thus sealed an alliance, it followed me to the cab, and made no difficulties about accompanying me. 
CHAPTER VIII. HOW A CHAMPION CAME FORTH FROM THE EAST. The two professors, 
their tempers aggravated no doubt by their injuries, had fallen out as to whether our assailants were of the genus pterodactylus or dimorphodon, and high words had ensued. With perfect coolness Holmes slipped across to the safe, filled his two arms with bundles of letters, and poured them all into the fire. A pale, taper-faced man with sandy whiskers rose up from a chair by 
the fire as we entered. "By Jove, the doctor is coming back!" cried Holmes. It's 
dinner time and over. "  "Well, what happened then?"  "She wanted to see where the crime was done--had read about it in the papers, she said. "We might take the edge of our hunger off ere we seek the prince, for though his tables are gay with damask and silver he is no trencherman himself, and hath no sympathy for those who are his betters. "  "Better to overshoot than to undershoot," added Aylward. It was about six inches long, and thicker than my thumb, with some indications of dried cartilage at one end of it. He started in his little yacht for Norway 
just before the warrant was issued for his arrest. Open the door slightly. Holmes 
struck the door just over the lock with the flat of his foot and it flew open. "You can write 
me down an ass this time, Watson," said he. Pinner, that I am here by 
appointment to receive some directions from you," said he. "Certainly, Mr. Pycroft, certainly," the other 
resumed in a calmer tone. "     Adventure IV. "I came down to give you a word in season, and you've had it. "  "When?"  "Now--within a few minutes. "I am a connoisseur," said he, taking another 
cigarette from the box--his fourth--and lighting it from the stub of that which he had finished. Summerlee took his pipe from his mouth and fixed me with a stony 
stare. He would be obliged if Professor Challenger would give the latitude and the longitude of the country in which prehistoric animals were to be found. "'"I've had enough of Norfolk," said he. "I'll run 
down to Mr. I'll not stand it. Last year I came up to London for the Jubilee, and I stopped at a boarding-house in Russell Square, because Parker, the vicar of our parish, was staying in it. I rose, opened my door, and peeped out. "  "We'll see about that," said Hopkins. My room at The Cedars is a double-bedded 
one. My second and wisest one is to play my own game and speak as little as possible to anyone. I shall counsel her to tell her future husband the whole story and to trust to his generosity. 
Douglas. He slipped into this room because it was the first he came to, and he hid behind the curtain. I, poor 
simple fool, gave him the ale and all that he craved, leaving him alone too, because he said that a man's mind must be left untroubled when he had great work to do. When I came back the gallon jar was empty, and he lay as you see him, with the board in front of him with this sorry device. Was he our malignant enemy, or was he by chance our guardian angel? I swore that I would not leave the hut until I knew. Known to have been employed in an office in Leadenhall Street. Anybody bringing--"  "That will do," said Holmes. "As to the letters," he continued, glancing over them, "they are very commonplace. "  "You!"  "Yes, I have a turn both for observation and for deduction. "If you could have 
looked into Allardyce's back shop, you would have seen a dead pig swung from a hook in the ceiling, and a gentleman in his shirt sleeves furiously stabbing at it with this weapon. John Douglas of 
Birlstone Manor, then whose death have we been investigating for these two days, and where in the world have you sprung from now? You seemed to me to come out of the floor like a jack-in-a-box. "There is the smoke from Bazas, on the further side of 
Garonne," quoth he. "He on the right is Pedro, whom we are about to put upon the Spanish throne. We have some oxygen here, but it can only defer our fate for a few hours. Barclay, who died the other day, was sergeant in the same company as myself, and the belle of the regiment, ay, and the finest girl that ever had the breath of life between her lips, was Nancy Devoy, the daughter of the color-sergeant. There were two men that loved her, and one that she loved, and you'll smile when you look at this poor thing huddled before the fire, and hear me say that it was for my good looks that she loved me. About the second week of it 
our water gave out, and it was a question whether we could communicate with General Neill's column, which was moving up country. I confess that the sight of it 
consoled me, for it was really the first direct corroboration, slight as it was, of the truth of his story. For God's sake, sir, I beg of you not to let the police know that he is still on the moor. The beating of drums, the rattle of tomtoms, and the yells and howls of the rebels, drunk with opium and with bang, were enough to remind us all night of our dangerous neighbors across the stream. I ask you 
once again why it was that you were so pressing that Sir Charles should destroy this letter which he received on the day of his death. "  "Then tell me, and I shall let him know. "Here is the slip and here are four 
letters from him. "The fire looks very seasonable in this weather. It is our 
task to put on record what we have seen, and to leave the further exploration to others. From this 
sure post it makes its sallies even to the beginning and to the end of all things. Nor did it take 
long for every stronghold to pour forth its cavalry, and every hamlet its footmen. A happy day it would be for the Seneschal of 
Auvergne when they should learn that the last yew bow was over the marches. The oval seal is undoubtedly a plain sleeve-link--what else is of such a shape?  The scissors were bent nail scissors. The window, I may add, was not 
large enough for a man to get through. An acute observer might, however, have detected some signs of dissent amid the applause, and gathered that the proceedings were likely to become more lively than harmonious. Be the cause 
what it may, it was the end of the _Gloria Scott_ and of the rabble who held command of her. "  Holmes leaned forward and whispered something in the trainer's ear. Now, mark 
you, Ettie, it will be just a word to you, and when it reaches you, you will drop everything and come right down to the waiting room at the depot and stay there till I come for you. Yet we must leave you now, for I must be with the King of Spain ere your army crosses the mountains. If I have turned 
to serve an earthly master, and to carry arms for an earthly king, it would be an ill thing if I were to lose all thought of the great high King and Master of all, whose humble and unworthy servant I was ere ever I left Beaulieu. The fame of your wealth has gone abroad, Lord Mount-James, and it is entirely possible that a gang of thieves have secured your nephew in order to gain from him some information as to your house, your habits, and your treasure. High and strong the chateaux, lowly and weak the brushwood hut; but God help the seigneur and his lady when the men of the brushwood set their hands to the work of revenge!  Through such country did the party ride for eight or it might be nine miles, until the sun began to slope down in the west and their shadows to stream down the road in front of them. "Shall we turn, my fair lord, or 
shall we carry on?" asked the master-shipman, looking behind him with anxious eyes. "Nay, we must carry on 
and play the part of the helpless merchant. "I must have a word with you ere you crow so loudly. "They used to send father tickets when he was alive, and then afterwards they remembered us, and sent them to mother. "  "Perhaps they stood here for some time," I suggested. "If it please you, 
sire," he said, "the public funds are at their lowest, seeing that I have paid twelve thousand men of the companies, and the new taxes--the hearth-tax and the wine-tax--not yet come in. If you 
imagine there is any connection--"  "I imagine nothing, Mr. "  "Here's a Romsey man for you!" cried a young bowman with a sprig of evergreen set in his helmet. "  "Nor for the honor of Scotland either," cried the Earl of Angus. Why did you 
pass these other chairs?"  "I don't know, sir, it didn't matter to me where I sat. Allen did not start 
out to inquire for the slamming door. As to the occurrences of the night before, he had very little to add to what he had already told the police. It was my system which enabled me to find John Warner, late gardener of High Gable, sacked in a moment of temper by his imperious employer. "  It was evening before I left Camberwell, and quite dark by the time I reached home. The road still ascended, and we crossed a rock-studded slope 
which took two days to traverse. Creatures survive which would otherwise disappear. " 
(Cries of "Bosh!" "Prove it!" "How do YOU know?" "Question!") "How do I know, you ask me? I know because I have visited their secret haunts. "  "It must be a very serious feud that would be kept up with such earnestness for as long as that. "We progress," said he. Touching your question, we may tell you that we are strollers and jugglers, who, having performed with much applause at Winchester fair, are now on our way to the great Michaelmas market at Ringwood. Herewith, my fair lady, I send my humble regards, entreating you that you will give the same to your daughter, the Lady Maude. May the holy saints have you both in their keeping is ever the prayer of thy servant,  

"ALLEYNE EDRICSON. On inquiry, I found that there was a steward on board of the 
name of James Browner and that he had acted during the voyage in such an extraordinary manner that the captain had been compelled to relieve him of his duties. It was not a pleasant business, Watson. Holmes, came round to 
us this evening, though how he found us is more than I can think, and he showed us very clearly and kindly that I was wrong and that Frank was right, and that we should be putting ourselves in the wrong if we were so secret. I am convinced that his feelings are most deep and most honourable. "  "What about the other one?  It took two of them to lever that tree over the edge. "Ah! is that so?" The young man seemed interested. He's off again," 
said my companion, in a tone of relief. Not the drains, I hope?"  "No, the gas. "  "I think that we may safely say," returned Holmes, "that she is wherever Sir George Burnwell is. "  "A model truly! Wilt make a squire of squires. "Are you Mr. John Scott Eccles, 
of Popham House, Lee?"  "I am. One of the farms which he held, that of Hatherley, was let to Mr. On the other hand, if all the world 
was convinced that I was dead they would take liberties, these men, they would soon lay themselves open, and sooner or later I could destroy them. As you look at their gray stone huts against the scarred hillsides you leave your own age behind you, and if you were to see a skin-clad, hairy man crawl out from the low door fitting a flint-tipped arrow on to the string of his bow, you would feel that his presence there was more natural than your own. "Hist!" 
cried Holmes, and I heard the sharp click of a cocking pistol. "Look out! It's 
coming!"  There was a thin, crisp, continuous patter from somewhere in the heart of that crawling bank. "  "Perhaps," Challenger answered, "you would have the kindness to suggest what you think we ought to do. That's why the barrels were sawed. "  "No offense," said I. "But in very truth, Sir Tristram, if I may venture a word of counsel, I should advise that you make your peace with this good man. Wouldn't we have found the place disarranged, and missed the things which he had taken?"  "It depends on what the things were," said Holmes. "You must remember that we are dealing with a burglar who is a very peculiar fellow, and who appears to work on lines of his own. "  A shadow passed over the expressive face of the statesman. "I'll go right now 
and fix it. "After leaving you at the station I went for a charming walk through some admirable Surrey scenery to a pretty little village called Ripley, where I had my tea at an inn, and took the precaution of filling my flask and of putting a paper of sandwiches in my pocket. It may be only his guilty conscience. 3, Lauriston Gardens. Sherlock Holmes led me to the nearest telegraph office, whence he dispatched a long telegram. It is safe to say that there was no public case of any difficulty in which he was not consulted during those eight years, and there were hundreds of private cases, some of them of the most intricate and extraordinary character, in which he played a prominent part. We know now 
why Stapleton looked with disfavour upon his sister's suitor--even when that suitor was so eligible a one as Sir Henry. " That we were justified in doing so was shown upon the third day, when Challenger admitted that he recognized several landmarks of his former journey, and in one spot we actually came upon four fire-blackened stones, which must have marked a camping-place. What could have happened, 
then, to bring one of the foremost citizens of London to this most pitiable pass? We waited, all curiosity, until with another effort he braced himself to tell his story. He winds it at night, and he leaves these traces of his unsteady hand. Yet when I think of him in cold blood, far away from the glamour of his presence, I am convinced from his cynical speech and the look which I have caught in his eyes that he is one who should be deeply distrusted. If Holmes could work to find the 
criminals, I had a tenfold stronger reason to urge me on to find the treasure. "  "And how would they bring about our destruction, Mr. To my certain knowledge 
he has acted on behalf of three of the reigning houses of Europe in very vital matters. Why should this 
servant be so anxious to master this old formula? Evidently because he saw something in it which had escaped all those generations of country squires, and from which he expected some personal advantage. I'm like an old 
golf-ball--I've had all the white paint knocked off me long ago. Holmes, but I thought the point of the second 
stain not corresponding with the first would interest you. You must know that every 
Saturday forenoon I ride on my bicycle to Farnham Station, in order to get the 12:22 to town. Look at Mr. "  "Undoubtedly it is blood. "I am a practical man," he said, "and I really cannot undertake to go about the country looking for a left-handed gentleman with a game leg. " He had drunk off his glass and 
had turned to go, when his eyes fell upon the face of Jack McMurdo, who was scowling at his elbow. "  "That need not hinder," quoth Sir Nigel. "  "And the papers were on your table?"  "To the best of my belief, they were rolled up. "  "Did he say so?"  "No. "There is naught in this, for it was but saying that you were a strong and robust man, who had need of a good destrier. "  "You've hit it there, pard," the young hunter answered. "  "Its importance can hardly be exaggerated. "  She gave a long sigh of satisfaction. "  "And help. "It's a baddish business," he added when the butler had gone; "he's our leading man about here, is old Cunningham, and a very decent fellow too. If I had come in here as a 
journalist, I should have interviewed myself and had two columns in every evening paper. "  "No, no, you shall come WITH me. "  "But oh, my dear lord," she cried with a trembling lip, "let me bide with you for one furlong further--or one and a half perhaps. "That is the 
reward, and I have reason to know that there are sentimental considerations in the background which would induce the Countess to part with half her fortune if she could but recover the gem. "They still hold aloof," cried Hawtayne. See how the 
irrepressible Greek e will break out, and see the twirl of the final s. Time was when none but my countrymen could do these things; but there is Clement of Chartres and others in France who are very worthy workmen. But, ah! 
there is that ever shrieking brazen tongue which will not let us forget for one short hour that it is the arm of the savage, and not the hand of the master, which rules over the world. "  "I know not about that," said the big archer, scratching his head in perplexity. "Oh, you think so?"  "Don't you?"  "Well, it is quite possible, but the case is not clear to me yet. 
Holmes--nothing very particular. "  "Then tell me about it. It was headed, "A Gruesome Packet. Holmes picked up 
several of them and examined them carefully. And you, too, Dr. From that I gather that he is a left-handed man. As to death, the scientific mind dies at its post working in normal and methodic fashion to the end. They sprang about, tossing their long, hairy arms in the air and howling with exultation. They paused at the 
door. Twice Henderson has lashed at folk with his dog-whip, and only his long purse and heavy compensation have kept him out of the courts. Rucastle seemed to take no 
notice of it. Ah, miss, it is a pity you didn't let me know what you were planning, for I would have told you that your pains were wasted. "  "We have had no details yet," observed Holmes. "  "Did anyone know that these proofs would be there?"  "No one save the printer. Dr. Mortimer here went round with me. "A glance at 
our friend here reveals the rounded head of the Celt, which carries inside it the Celtic enthusiasm and power of attachment. Now, I have shot little of late, but there is Johnston here who will try a round with you for the honor of the Company. "  The building was of grey, lichen-blotched stone, with a high central portion and two curving wings, like the claws of a crab, thrown out on each side. "  "And am I to remain here?"  "It is for his sake. Holmes, but I cannot do that. I told my pal what I had 
done, for he was a man that it was easy to tell a thing like that to. Turn thy quiver to me, Aylward. " He picked a red-covered volume from a line of books of reference beside the mantelpiece. "Hullo!" he cried, excitedly, drawing the 
window curtain to one side. "Wait here an instant," said young Alec Cunningham. In 
the meantime, don't you fret yourself, my dearie, and don't get your eyes swelled up, else he'll be walking into me when he sees you. "What have you done, Holmes?" 
I asked. Again and much louder came the rat-tat-tat. The man was trying to 
force the lock. "No offense, stranger," said one. "  My heart sank for Barrymore. It is a woman's. I say again that they are God's 
own saints, and I bow my head to them. "  "There are many sheep-dogs on the moor?"  "No doubt, but this was no sheep-dog. Holmes?"  "If matters came to a crisis I should endeavour to be present in person; but you can understand that, with my extensive consulting practice and with the constant appeals which reach me from many quarters, it is impossible for me to be absent from London for an indefinite time. "I have 
inquired at every point where it might be, and I am sure that there is no danger to be apprehended. Students of criminology will remember the analogous incidents in Godno, in Little Russia, in the year '66, and of course there are the Anderson murders in North Carolina, but this case possesses some features which are entirely its own. Even now we have no clear case against this very wily man. In a word, I turned over a new leaf and did my best to make up for the past. "Come!" said he. 
"Come quick! I hope to the Lord we are not too late already!"  I found myself shaking with nervous excitement as I scrambled forward and lay down beside him, looking out through the bushes at a clearing which stretched before us. At my summons, instead of the man of violence whom 
we expected, a very old and wrinkled woman hobbled into the apartment. I stopped, and, picking a cartridge from my pocket, I opened the breech of my gun. Well, sir, 
when I came into this room yesterday, when the alarm was given, the very first thing I saw was Mr. "I'm sorry, Councillor, but it's Ted Baldwin. "  Mr. Upon my word, Watson, there is something very attractive about that livid face at the window, and I would not have missed the case for worlds. The W. Besides its 
trade and its armorers, other causes had combined to pour wealth into it. By the way, these last had been taken out of the chest and were not there when I recovered it. I can take 
a joke with the best, Mr. "  He leaned forward with great earnestness. "It's all very well your saying that a man escaped by wading this moat, but what I ask you is, how did he ever get into the house at all if the bridge was up?"  "Ah, that's the question," said Barker. "It is colossal. "  "Very curious, and the story that hangs round it will strike you as being more curious still. Angel's address you never had, I understand. Where 
is your father's place of business?"  "He travels for Westhouse & Marbank, the great claret importers of Fenchurch Street. "Hum!  There was no use your giving this unnecessary 
trouble. "Not been long in practice, but has had a good deal to do. Some might say one thing 
and some another, just as one bowman loves the yew, and a second will not shoot save with the ash. From the heavy wooden rafters which formed the roof there hung rows of hooks which held up sides of bacon, joints of smoked beef, and strings of onions for winter use. Suddenly, with a plunge, as of the swimmer who leaves the bank, she hurried across the road, and we heard the sharp clang of the bell. Professor Challenger was on his feet. Lord John Roxton 
steps briskly, and his thin, eager face beams forth between his hunting-cap and his muffler. For my own part I performed my usual role of bringing things down to a strictly prosaic and practical level by the remark that one of the Indians was missing. The 
instant that he could set foot to ground Alleyne had started in search of his lord, but no word could he hear of him, dead or alive, and he had come home now sad-hearted, in the hope of raising money upon his estates and so starting upon his quest once more. There are 
small lateral columns of water outside which receive the force, and which transmit and multiply it in the manner which is familiar to you. I bought this estate, 
which chanced to be in the market, and I set myself to do a little good with my money, to make up for the way in which I had earned it. If I had been less cautious I might have been more wise, but I was half crazy with fear that you should learn the truth. I lit a cigar, and puffed at it to steady my nerves, but my hands were trembling, and my temples throbbing with excitement. Once I lost myself, and it was only by good luck, and after an hour of wandering, that I found the camp once more. His appearance corresponded to the sounds which we had heard. Both men were total abstainers, 
and behaved in all ways as exemplary members of the society, with the one simple exception that they were assassins who had often proved themselves to be most capable instruments for this association of murder. The carpet 
prevents any possibility of a trap-door, and the ceiling is of the ordinary whitewashed kind. The wind blew freshly from the east, with a very keen edge to it; and the great sail bellied roundly out, laying the vessel over until the water hissed beneath her lee bulwarks. "  "And how much was the residue?"  "Seven hundred and forty thousand pounds. You can see that it is quite charred 
all down one side. Ma foi! they are about to loose her. For me, I have played the old game of war 
since ever I had hair on my chin, and I have seen ten thousand brave men in one day with their faces to the sky, but I swear by Him who made me that I cannot abide the work of the butcher. I'll help you to understand just where you are and how you got there. "  "I wouldn't do that, sir. "Now sir!" he shouted, hoarse with excitement. "  I went downstairs and carried the dog upstair in my arms. "Are you coming up?"  "Yes; I see no reason for further concealment. Godfrey Staunton?"  "Yes, yes, I am--but you are too late. Your time in Cambridge will certainly be wasted. But supposing, for argument's sake, that we had him arrested tonight, what on earth the better off should we be for that? We could prove nothing against him. "Good heavens!" I cried in 
amazement. The face of Stapleton had sprung out of the canvas. "'But this 
paragon has one fault. '  "'Nothing of the sort,' I answered. "  "And there was nothing else?" Holmes asked. You remember, Watson, that it was 
near there that we took Archie Stamford, the forger. "  "Oh, remarkably superficial," said Holmes, smiling. But it is a question of 
getting details. With feet firmly planted, their sleeves rolled back to give free play to their muscles, their long yellow bow-staves in their left hands, and their quivers slung to the front, they had waited in the four-deep harrow formation which gave strength to their array, and yet permitted every man to draw his arrow freely without harm to those in front. "  "Good heavens, Challenger, you don't suppose you can keep out ether with varnished paper?"  "Really, my worthy friend, you are a trifle perverse in missing the point. You know what that is?"  "Search me," said the American. What did you do, then? You made some small job 
in my lady's room--you and your confederate Cusack--and you managed that he should be the man sent for. There was no use appealing to a magistrate. The detection of types is one of the most elementary branches of knowledge to the special expert in crime, though I confess that once when I was very young I confused the Leeds Mercury with the Western Morning News. Perhaps you will have the goodness to look it over and to show us how we can set it right. "  A heavy step was heard ascending the stair, with a great wheezing and rattling as from a man who was sorely put to it for breath. "It is more 
probable that he had arranged his affairs before ever he set out upon his expedition. "I should like to know how many fellows in my shoes would have refused a share of this loot when they knew that they would have their throats cut for their pains. --A word 
with you, Watson. "  He led me out to the head of the stair. Norbury, a lean, silent man, had been 
to those parts before, and sat his horse with a rigid neck; but the two young squires gazed eagerly to right or left, and plucked each other's sleeves to call attention to the many strange things on every side of them. "See to the brave 
stalls!" cried Alleyne. "Look to him! You shall be my witness. See how the 
figures loom up, are dimly seen, and then blend once more into the cloud-bank. Ma foi! the riper fruit is ever the 
sweeter. "  "I hurt my leg and cannot ride," quoth the bishop's champion. "Let me remind 
you that we came here upon a perfectly definite mission, entrusted to us at the meeting of the Zoological Institute in London. That mission was to test the truth of Professor Challenger's statements. The ruffian Woodley was a very different person, but, except on one occasion, he had not molested our client, and now he visited the house of Carruthers without intruding upon her presence. Every plunge of the excited horse brought it against the 
horns again, and goaded it to fresh madness. They are the devil's pet baits. At the foot of Kennington Lane they had edged away to the left through Bond Street and Miles Street. Finding that my companions would not be led into conversation, I took out my pipe, and laid down my musket to strike the match. A glance showed him that chance had 
put in his way a State document of immense value, and in an instant he had thrust it into his pocket and was gone. Then I had to act and act quickly. "Not this time," said Lord John, 
who had caught up his rifle. "  "Oh, George!  You should be kinder and more considerate to others. "He would follow Barrymore and see what he did. The only drawback is that we have conclusively proved by ocular demonstration that there are no water channels down the rocks. The iron-work was two-thirds of an inch thick all round. Down in the yard lies Austin with sprawling limbs, his face glimmering white in the dawn, and the hose nozzle still projecting from his dead hand. There, too, were 
droves of sheep and bullocks coming in from the outlying pasture lands, and trains of tired immigrants, men and horses equally weary of their interminable journey. Can you understand what I say?"  Holmes groaned. Wilson?"  "Yes, I have got it now," he answered with his thick red finger planted halfway down the column. "Here it is. This is what began it all. It is, of course, a trifle, but there is nothing so important as trifles. "  Holmes rubbed his hands. What is his particular fad?"  "He has a thousand, but the latest is something about Weissmann and Evolution. "You will give us time," he said at last. The soles which you are 
at this moment presenting to me are slightly scorched. Ill armed and half starved, they were still desperate men, 
to whom danger had lost all fears: for what was death that they should shun it to cling to such a life as theirs? The castle was theirs, and the roaring flames were spurting through the windows and flickering high above the turrets on two sides of the quadrangle. From either side they were sweeping down from room to room and from bastion to bastion in the direction of the keep. The young novice, however, appeared to have other 
thoughts, for his eyes sparkled and his smile broadened. "With this train of reasoning in my 
head I naturally looked about in Mortimer Tregennis's room to find some remains of this substance. Getting back 
was comparatively simple. Are you coming with us to see the remains of your bust, Mr. "  "Are you of stout heart?"  "I am. "Wild Indians, bravos, not mansos; they watch us every mile of the way; kill us if they can. "  "How can they watch us?" I asked, gazing into the dark, motionless void. 
"Don't let us have any more such goings-on," said he. But I suspect it is the 
sequel of the story of the statues. You could not observe that from here, but if you were on the mantelpiece you would see that it is cut clean off without any mark of fraying whatever. I 
want to buy them. "  "I know what is good when I see it, and I see it now. "His conduct was certainly not very gracious. "This letter was laid with others upon the study 
table, and I myself put them in the post-bag. "  "There are no crimes and no criminals in these days," he said, querulously. "  "Who by?"  "The landlord of the Alpha. "You see, Mr. There were grave events afoot, as 
the sequel showed, and the coaxing of Scott Eccles to Wisteria Lodge had some connection with them. Did you ask her 
why she hurried away that night? Her haste attracted the attention of the police constable. "  "What about the shotgun?"  "It is less than two feet long. Maybe these men have some reason in what they 
do. Anyhow I went. I guess it will haunt me forever. "  "It's a lesson to you that you can't deceive me, Constable MacPherson," said Lestrade, with dignity. "I don't know who you are," he cried, "nor how 
you come to know what you do know, but will you swear that this is true that you tell me?"  "Why, they are only waiting for her to come to her senses to arrest her. I fear this means that there is some mischief afoot. "  "And you did very wisely," said Holmes. You got the young lady into your 
service, and there Woodley was to do the courting. "  My mind filled with admiration for this extraordinary man. "It is a very 
delicate question," said he. "My strings are as limp as a cow's tail this morning. "May all our difficulties vanish as easily!" 
said Sherlock Holmes. He was moving away himself, when his eyes lit upon a 
strange sight, and one which sent a tingling through his skin. "  "By Jove!" I cried, "if he really wants someone to share the rooms and the expense, I am the very man for him. "When the Lord removes my father, I shall have his tanning yard and his leather factory. I ordered her to say nothing, but to get a few things packed and my ulster ready. '  "I was very angry, for this was the third demand during the month. There was no rest for me, no peace, no forgetfulness; turn where I would, there was his cunning, grinning face at my elbow. Hudson, who beamed upon us both as we entered--the other, the strange dummy which had played so important a part in the evening's adventures. "By heaven, Holmes," I said, half rising, "I believe 
that they are really after us. Then as they have already been in the south, they would come north to the country of the Aveyron. "I've nothing more to say to you, except 
that when my time comes I'll die the easier when I think of the work I have done in this valley. "  The speech had a sinister sound, but I followed him none the less into the house. "  "What then?"  "The knees of his trousers. "  "Then the brother--for that, I fancy, must be the relationship--comes over from Greece to interfere. "That is well!  That is well!" said he. "  As we passed out he exchanged a few words with the landlord, explaining that we were going on a late visit to an acquaintance, and that it was possible that we might spend the night there. "  "He wished to return with me. This man's occupation is gone. "Your Majesty has something which I should value even more highly," said Holmes. "My geese!" The man seemed surprised. "We have had a charming little breath of your beautiful Dartmoor air. Mine is a 
complete acquiescence in whatever fate may send me--a cheerful acquiescence. "  "I can also see it," said Alleyne, shading his eyes with his hand. "You can't 
help it, my dear Watson. The distinction is clear. The servants deny having seen it before, but among the numerous curiosities in the house it is possible that it may have been overlooked. White Mason, the 
local officer, was a personal friend, and hence MacDonald had been notified much more promptly than is usual at Scotland Yard when provincials need their assistance. "I said it was a 
snorter!" he cried. "But he is right. I was myself in my room, and I never left 
it during the day. I have asked myself if the best which can be done with virtue is to shut it within high walls as though it were some savage creature. Here it is!"  Holmes held it out to me. The famous Smith-Mortimer succession case comes also within this period, and so does the tracking and arrest of Huret, the Boulevard assassin--an exploit which won for Holmes an autograph letter of thanks from the French President and the Order of the Legion of Honour. "You will conceive a bunch of grapes," said he, "which are covered 
by some infinitesimal but noxious bacillus. You want to sell them. "  "Shall I not?"  He was slowly advancing in a peculiarly menacing way, but he stopped now and put his big hands into the side-pockets of a rather boyish short jacket which he wore. "  "No record of a door being found open?"  "None. He took particular care that Sir Henry did not make love to her, as you have yourself observed. "  "But it was the associate, and not Jonathan, who committed the crime. "We 
might take the edge of our hunger off ere we seek the prince, for though his tables are gay with damask and silver he is no trencherman himself, and hath no sympathy for those who are his betters. "  "Well, sir, you have been very fair-spoken to me, though I can see that I have you to thank that I have these bracelets upon my wrists. I forgot to 
tell you that Mrs. One evening, after the child was in bed, I began to amuse myself by examining the furniture of my room and by rearranging my own little things. Baskerville 
Hall, October 13th. "Was it here?" he asked in a low voice. "No, nor any other 
bird that ever wagged a feather. Perhaps I can make something of the fellow. 
Leon Sterndale. We have been conducing a chemical experiment indoors which has left our little room hardly fit for the reception of so distinguished a visitor. Once, through a break in the trees, we saw a clear shoulder of green hill some distance away, and across this a large dun-colored animal was traveling at a considerable pace. In an instant Holmes had raced up on to the ridge, and, standing upon a lofty pinnacle, craned his neck in every direction. In 
each case, also, there is combustion going on in the room--in the one case a fire, in the other a lamp. '  "What could she mean by that note, Mr. "'But I was not satisfied, and the 
attempts which he made to draw me away increased my suspicions. "'Which way did the woman go?' I cried. "'I 
don't know, sir. "I repeated it as I had told it before. "Possibly not, my good 
Watson. "I used to be frightened," said his wife. "That tries a man's nerves 
more than work, and more even than pleasure. "You cannot effect an arrest until to-morrow night at the earliest. "Sure, the very thought would cost me my life. "It's little I would care if it was just my room, but indeed, Ettie, though it's only a week that I've known you, you are the very breath of life to me, and I can't live without you!"  "Oh, hush, Mr. "Did you ever hear of a dog running up a curtain? I found 
distinct traces that this creature had done so. "Summerlee, did you see it?"  His colleague was staring at the spot where the creature had disappeared. But the right-hand side you will see an undoubted amoeba, moving sluggishly across the field. "  We had all risen to our feet, our prisoner breathing hard, with a stalwart constable on each side of him. "  "I know not about that," said the smith; "but I know that a man with a gray palmer's hat and gown was here no very long time ago, and that he sat on yonder stump and ate a cold pullet and drank a flask of wine. It was 
pierced in the brim for a hat-securer, but the elastic was missing. Holmes had already drawn his revolver, and I whipped out mine at the sight of this savage, distorted creature. "  "You can be perfectly easy in your mind. I think, good master-shipman, that 
you and I may win great honor in this matter, and I can see very readily that you are a brave and stout man. The turmoil within my brain was such that something must surely 
snap. He was a man of little culture, but with a considerable amount of rude strength, both physically and mentally. But his agents are numerous and splendidly organized. Is he not the celebrated author of The Dynamics of an Asteroid, a book which ascends to such rarefied heights of pure mathematics that it is said that there was no man in the scientific press capable of criticizing it? Is this a man to traduce? Foul-mouthed doctor and slandered professor--such would be your respective roles! That's genius, Watson. Hudson was right. Same old platform. 
Same place. Same place. Two taps. A map is drawn for them by an Englishman 
named Jonathan Small. "  "The tip was guarded by a disk of cork which we found beside his body," said the Inspector. "  "The Bible!" I cried triumphantly. It is, as you are probably aware, only a 
fuller and more detailed version of the account which appeared in the Monday edition of the Daily Gazette--an account which has been universally admitted to be the greatest journalistic scoop of all time, which sold no fewer than three-and-a-half million copies of the paper. "  "Halloa!" I cried. Athelney Jones, of Scotland Yard. For myself, I felt elated 
at the thought that we were nearing the end of our task, and I caught something of Holmes's gaiety. It was really shock, rather than any injury, which had prostrated me, and in half-an-hour, in spite of aching head and stiff neck, I was sitting up and ready for anything. "The cottage is still tenanted," it said. It is our 
task to put on record what we have seen, and to leave the further exploration to others. My dear 
Watson [it said], I write these few lines through the courtesy of Mr. I could hardly prevent myself from there and then kneeling down at his feet and telling him what I had done. I drop it into your brains 
and await its germination. "It was some time before I found out where my two 
gentlemen were living; but I inquired and inquired until at last I dropped across them. The 
cigarettes will show me. The incidents of the next few days are indelibly 
graven upon my recollection, and I can tell them without reference to the notes made at the time. Inference--that she had been in England some little time, but he had not been in Greece. "  "Well, then, we will presume that she had come on a visit to England, and that this Harold had persuaded her to fly with him. "Among the gifts which 
have been vouchsafed to my wife," said Du Guesclin, "there is the wondrous one of seeing into the future; but it comes very seldom upon her, and goes as quickly, for none can command it. He was noble, unselfish, loving--all that my husband was not. At this 
instant Sir Henry suddenly drew Miss Stapleton to his side. He wore a fur 
tippet round his neck and a heavy gold chain over it, with a medallion which dangled in front of him. Beside him on a green bank there sat a small man with a solemn face, and a great bundle of papers of all colors thrusting forth from the scrip which lay beside him. Even as Alleyne watched them they turned upon their heels and plodded off together upon their way. But then 
it occurred to me that there might be a search in the room, and that the clothes might betray me. "I knew him," she said. "If I shot the man he had his shot at me, and there's no murder in that. "  The man sprang from his chair and paced up and down the room in uncontrollable agitation. But you see, sir, them's not our geese. Pretend to 
believe him, and you may get through all right. Remember he believes it himself. It's true you set us on the right track; but you'll own now that it was more by good luck than good guidance. "  "Maybe he won't come. "You can't help it, my dear Watson. If you will come down to Baskerville Hall and see me through I'll never forget it. The fame of your wealth has gone abroad, Lord Mount-James, and it is entirely possible that a gang of thieves have secured your nephew in order to gain from him some information as to your house, your habits, and your treasure. As he raised himself to look over the bracken at his enemies, the staring color caught the eye of the bailiff, who broke into a long screeching whoop and spurred forward sword in hand. ' (Jeers, laughter, and 'Tell us 
another!' from the back. Apply them!"  "I can only think of the obvious conclusion that the man has practised in town before going to the country. "  "What on earth does this mean?" I ejaculated after I had twice read over the extraordinary announcement. "We have here the explanation of why 
John Straker wished to take the horse out on to the moor. They were _all_ confederates in the same unknown 
crime. Their opponents were scattered and powerless. So I thought it was time we made a 
break for it. A large face, seared with a thousand wrinkles, burned yellow with the sun, and marked with every evil passion, was turned from one to the other of us, while his deep-set, bile-shot eyes, and his high, thin, fleshless nose, gave him somewhat the resemblance to a fierce old bird of prey. "Well, Wilson, any news?"  "No, sir--nothing. One day out in a country lane I met Theresa Wright, her old maid. Evidently one has fallen off and been replaced. "  "Excellent!" said Holmes, who was recovering his good-humour as his attention became more engrossed by the case. What the object of my friend's manoeuvres was I could not conceive, unless it were to keep the lady away from Phelps, who, rejoiced by his returning health and by the prospect of action, lunched with us in the dining-room. There is no safety for any of us. "  "That's so. "We thought that if we could only find--Good heavens, Mr. Holmes, and our trail lay in this direction. If you fail me, then my honor as well as my position are forever forfeited. "  The Abbot shook his head. "  "Stolen. "  "Yes, the setting is a worthy one. "The matter was perfectly simple. "  "What the plague did you ask me for then?" said Simon. Now, on the other side 
of this narrow wing runs the corridor from which these three rooms open. "  An instant later the tutor returned, bringing with him the student. "When I 
hear you give your reasons," I remarked, "the thing always appears to me to be so ridiculously simple that I could easily do it myself, though at each successive instance of your reasoning I am baffled until you explain your process. "  "Oh, what an ass I have been!" I exclaimed. "  "Pardieu! here is a paladin come over, with the Hampshire mud still sticking to his shoes. "Well, I should put the original cost of the pipe at 
seven and sixpence. "  "Then I'd better try my luck with the original. A canary's cage was hanging in 
the window, and its aim seems to have been to get at the bird. "  "His master also, as I understand, is a very mild and courteous gentleman," remarked Harcomb; "yet I do not think that they are either of them men with whom it is very safe to trifle. When I called on Wednesday there was a letter with the West Kensington postmark upon it, and my name scrawled across the envelope in a handwriting which looked like a barbed-wire railing. He has nerve and he has 
knowledge. "We have come," continued Stangerson, "at the advice of our fathers 
to solicit the hand of your daughter for whichever of us may seem good to you and to her. Holmes, that the thief took the treaty in order to frame it and hang it up. "  I had hoped that in some way I could coax my companion back into the quiet which had been the object of our journey; but one glance at his intense face and contracted eyebrows told me how vain was now the expectation. " He spoke with a smile, but I seemed to read in his eyes that he took the matter more seriously. Listen now!  Can you remember any unusual incident in your life just about the time your symptoms began?"  "No, no; nothing. Will find some sure means of communications. "  "It will be verified or disproved at the trial. "The ink-pots of civilization, 
sir. We must have some sign or warrant of your mission. "The first thing that put us out 
was that advertisement. "  The young woman separated one of the forms. Even now I can't for the life of me understand why you should have worked it in so extraordinary a manner. Three days later we were back in Baker Street together; but it was evident that my friend would be much the better for a change, and the thought of a week of spring time in the country was full of attractions to me also. Strange that now in its old age this dark business should have cast its shadow upon the venerable walls! And yet those strange, peaked roofs and quaint, overhung gables were a fitting covering to grim and terrible intrigue. Beneath them on every side stretched the long sweep of peaceful country, rolling plain, and tangled wood, all softened and mellowed in the silver moonshine. L. is?"  "No, sir. No more than you have. That was the mayor of a provincial town with whom I talked when we first arrived. Is that clear?"  "It is very hard," said I. Hudson was right. "  "What is it, then--a fire?"  "No; a client. Douglas are guilty of the murder?"  "There is an appalling directness about your questions, Watson," said Holmes, shaking his pipe at me. Helena. No one knows how accident occurred. Now the next. "There is sad scath done to the cog, Sir 
Nigel," said he. "Who was your accomplice who came for the ring which I advertised?"  The prisoner winked at my friend jocosely. "It's a friend of mine, Mr. "Just see how it glints and sparkles. Douglas of Birlstone Manor House was horribly murdered last night!"     Chapter 2--Sherlock Holmes Discourses    It was one of those dramatic moments for which my friend existed. "  "And how long have you been playing this trick upon us, Mr. "It's to another 
woman," she cried. "I confess that I can make neither head nor tail of it. "At 
the same time," Holmes continued, "Lady Eva is not a wealthy woman. "Danger is in the air that I breathe. But is this so very close, Tiphaine?"  "Here--now--close upon you!" The words came out in broken, strenuous speech, while the lady's fair face was writhed and drawn like that of one who looks upon a horror which strikes the words from her lips. Warren 
about?"  "Using him roughly, anyway. Presently the landlady appeared with the tray, 
laid it down upon a chair beside the closed door, and then, treading heavily, departed. In a 
short time he was standing close to me and listening with deep distress to the story which I told him. Then, right out from all the others and close to the edge of 
the cliff, were two figures, so strange, and under other circumstances so ludicrous, that they absorbed my attention. With such force did they throw him 
that he curved high in the air before beginning to drop. Having finished his scrutiny, he proceeded slowly down the path, or rather down the fringe of grass which flanked the path, keeping his eyes riveted upon the ground. "  We had all listened with the deepest interest to this sketch of the night's doings, which Holmes had deduced from signs so subtle and minute that, even when he had pointed them out to us, we could scarcely follow him in his reasoning. "This is Wednesday evening," said Mr. You will leave my 
service to-morrow. You said they were. It was undoubtedly heading away from the 
school. There was nothing for it, however, but implicit obedience; so we bade good-bye to our rueful friend, and a couple of hours afterwards we were at the station of Coombe Tracey and had dispatched the trap upon its return journey. Roxton came 
back to us with a face of granite. "I have been a blind simpleton," said he, bitterly,  "It's 
my folly that has brought you all into this trouble. "  "I'd like to know," said McMurdo, "how you ever came to learn that I had spoken with Morris at all?"  McGinty laughed. It is the Lady Eva Blackwell, the most beautiful debutante of 
last season. Bartholomew Sholto's chemical laboratory. As far as we can learn, no actual traces of violence were found upon Mr. "  "A medical student, I suppose?" said I. "Surely there is not a moment to be lost," I cried, "shall I go and order you a cab?"  "I'm not sure about whether I shall go. "  "No, but the enclosure is. "Hadn't we better--" he said. "We are doing so," 
Holmes interrupted. From that moment he understood that I had taken over the case in London, and that therefore there was no chance for him there. Gradually, as time passed, his fears appeared to die away, and he had renewed his former habits, when a fresh event reduced him to the pitiable state of prostration in which he now lies. "What happened was this. "I will confess to my crime. "One could hardly 
hope for any upon so dry a day. The other half I will place in this wine glass, in which is a teaspoonful of water. "  It was, indeed, high time that someone capable of giving advice and help should come to the aid of the sturdy old farmer and his adopted daughter. "  "Aldgate, where the body was found, is considerably past the station London Bridge, which would be his route to Woolwich. "Yes, the actual facts are very plain, and I shall be surprised if by the afternoon I cannot give you the reasons for them as well. "  "But it needs a great deal of supplementing before anyone could offer an opinion. A more self-evident villain I never saw. "  "Oh! he impressed you in that way, did he? There are the horses, there is the smithy. I have wired to get his name and address from the Official Registry. "  "And the dark knight with gray-streaked beard? By my troth, he seems to be a man of much wisdom and valor. Nothing to complain of. This is no time for despair. Then, again, I have heard it is no use your applying if your hair is light red, or dark red, or anything but real bright, blazing, fiery red. Personally I felt shy and uncomfortable at 
this obsequious adoration, and I read the same feeling in the faces of Roxton and Summerlee, but Challenger expanded like a flower in the sun. "They may be undeveloped types," 
said he, stroking his beard and looking round at them, "but their deportment in the presence of their superiors might be a lesson to some of our more advanced Europeans. Hilton 
Cubitt and his wife. " He then shortly recapitulated the facts which have already been recorded. When it 
comes to beating the subjects in the dissecting-rooms with a stick, it is certainly taking rather a bizarre shape. "'It seemed that after we had left, Prendergast and 
his gang had proceeded to put to death the five remaining prisoners. "'Oh, any old key will 
fit that bureau. '  "'And you won't tell me what you want it for?'  "'Some day, perhaps, but not just at present, Jack. '  "'Not so many as you might think,' he answered. 'His conscience hath been heavy within him because he owes you a debt of fourteen deniers, having drunk wine for which he hath never paid. Stangerson, 
said that there were two trains--one at 9. I noticed a "Copenhagen" label upon each of their trunks, showing that that had been their last stopping place. Here are the papers, you see. "A soft revolver 
bullet, as you perceive, Watson. Holmes. "  "It does give a clue. "What can it possibly matter whether we open it now or 
in seven minutes?" said he. "Why, that's true, sir," he said; "though how you come to 
know it, Heaven only knows. By my soul! had you asked as much from our new ally Don Pedro, he had not baulked you. The name of the murdered man linked the one 
event with the other. Eight others were stationed with leather water-bags to quench any fire-arrows which might come aboard, while others were sent up the mast, to lie along the yard and drop stones or shoot arrows as the occasion served. But there was no moving Prendergast and those who were with him. Then, of course, there are the man's own dying words. Sherlock Holmes pushed him down into the easy-chair 
and, sitting beside him, patted his hand and chatted with him in the easy, soothing tones which he knew so well how to employ. "This looks bad," said he. 
Whether I have the shelter of your roof or of the village inn is, of course, for you to decide. "  I could see that the unfortunate doctor was in the last stage of indecision, from which he was rescued by the deep, sonorous voice of the red-bearded Duke, which boomed out like a dinner-gong. That is quite cleared 
up now--though, indeed, it was obvious from the first. The sun is pretty low, now that I come to look at 
it. On the eve of the contest the peasants flocked in from the whole district of the Medoc, and the fields beyond the walls were whitened with the tents of those who could find no warmer lodging. "  "You don't mean to say," I cried, in amazement, "that that tottering, feeble old woman was able to get out of the cab while it was in motion, without either you or the driver seeing her?"  "Old woman be damned!" said Sherlock Holmes, sharply. "  "But, surely, it was obvious. Gregson climbed the stair to arrest this desperate murderer with the same absolutely quiet and businesslike bearing with which he would have ascended the official staircase of Scotland Yard. I stared in silence at Sherlock Holmes, whose lips were compressed and his brows drawn down over his eyes. There was a little shed in the yard, and behind this I drove one of the birds--a fine big one, white, with a barred tail. '"  "And is that all?"  "Only one little item in another of the morning papers, but it is a suggestive one. He drew a sovereign from his pocket and threw it down upon the slab, turning away with the air of a man whose disgust is too deep for words. I picked it up and read:  CHARLES AUGUSTUS MILVERTON, Appledore Towers, Hampstead. Hola! ma cherie, I 
wish to leave with you my gold-work, my velvet, my silk, my feather bed, my incense-boat, my ewer, my naping linen, and all the rest of it. How runs the old stave?--  

We'll drink all together 

To the gray goose feather 

And the land where the gray goose flew. "  "I feel twenty years younger, Holmes. It was headed, "A Gruesome Packet. Let 
us now see the letter. I am a man who shoots straight at his mark. The cab had stopped and the tired 
horse, with his head sunk to his knees, was resting. I lit the lamp, put the powder above it, and stood outside the window, ready to carry out my threat to shoot him should he try to leave the room. It was strange among so many sad 
and weary faces to see one which was full of energy and resolution. "  "It was in his pocket-book that we found it. "There is something positively inhuman in you at times. "They are beginning to 
realize that their continued existence is not really one of the necessities of the universe. Yeomen prickers they are, 
who tend to the King's hunt. The gleeman is called Floyting Will. "It were time to 
check it," said the prince, smiling, "for Sir Nigel is too good a man for me to lose, and, by the five holy wounds! if one of those cuts came home I should have fears for our champion. I uncovered and louted as I passed thinking that he might be a holy man at his orisons, but he called to me and asked me if I had heard speak of the new indulgence in favor of the Cistercians. I passed round the garden without seeing anything more than random tracks, which I took to be the police; but when I got into the stable lane a very long and complex story was written in the snow in front of me. Holmes. He pushed open a half-closed door, and we both stood 
appalled at the sight before us. Presently he came to himself once more, very weary and pale-looking. I managed to be close to her so as to hear the 
address, but I need not have been so anxious, for she sang it out loud enough to be heard at the other side of the street, 'Drive to 13, Duncan Street, Houndsditch,' she cried. In five minutes he died. Alleyne had dropped his shattered sword and was standing, trembling in every limb, with his rage all changed in an instant to pity. His face was deadly pale, and his hand shook until the shadows flickered up and down the wall. His face was bent downward, his shoulders bowed, his lips compressed, and the veins stood out like whipcord in his long, sinewy neck. Of course, you will say: 'Why not take police precautions against him?' the reason is that I am well convinced that it is from his agents the blow will fall. I came round to see you on the chance that some other explanation had suggested itself to you. Say nothing to him about the horse. "  "I feel quite strong enough, if I can really be of any help. He rose from his 
chair and paced about the room in uncontrollable excitement. In all probability the murderer had a florid face, 
and the finger-nails of his right hand were remarkably long. It was not that he felt any emotion akin to love for Irene Adler. He called upon Eccles at the other end of London on the very day after he first met him, and he kept in close touch with him until he got him down to Esher. "'Would you murder me?' he stammered. "'There is no murder,' I 
answered. You can hang me, or do what you like with me, but you cannot punish me as I have been punished already. Well, I have no doubt that this small matter will fall into the same innocent category. There is only one provision which I must make. If Stapleton came into the succession, how could he explain the fact that he, the heir, had been living unannounced under another name so close to the property? How could he claim it without causing suspicion and inquiry?"  "It is a formidable difficulty, and I fear that you ask too much when you expect me to solve it. "  "Aye, but the men of the law are strong in France as well as the men of war. Staunton in London?"  "Certainly not. "  "Did you ever know him ill?"  "Never. "When I sell my cloth," quoth he, "he who buys may weigh and feel and handle. But it's up to you to follow me when you come into my department. I am sure, Mr. "  "I pray that my vase may join them," said the prince. "  "Nay, Alleyne, it were a cruel kindness, and you have been too good and true a friend to me that I should use you despitefully. I should feel so much stronger if I felt that you were at the back of me. Worn with pain, and 
weak from the prolonged hardships which I had undergone, I was removed, with a great train of wounded sufferers, to the base hospital at Peshawar. As he looked at it, he observed that there were flags in some of the principal streets, and other signs of festivity. "For heaven's sake, Holmes, think what you are doing," I cried. 
Another hour of this dreadful, silent city would drive me mad. Was the wicket-gate closed?"  "Closed and padlocked. Or did he drop it in the carriage?  That is also possible. And yet I was loath to believe that this was 
the case, and the presence of the word Hudson seemed to show that the subject of the message was as I had guessed, and that it was from Beddoes rather than the sailor. Here they were, safe and sound, their work well done, and the plaudits of their companions in their ears. You can look for yourself. "Tomorrow's the exam, and I won't be drawn by 
anyone. "  "A rude fellow," said our guide, flushing with anger as we withdrew down the stair. But then I remembered the pile of papers and bills with which his study table was littered. He was languidly interested by the papers in his hand, and page after page was turned as he followed the argument of the lawyer. "  "This is a most extraordinary thing," said the inspector, "I could swear that these marks were not here yesterday evening. Paul!" cried Sir Nigel, "I 
think that it is even as you say, for that same peasant had a sour face and a shifting eye, as one who bore us little good will. George and Our Lady, it will be a very strange thing if our black-headed friend does not himself swing thence ere he be many hours older. Oh, it was awful to see!  I couldn't stand it, and the doctor was as white as a sheet. "It is very well to cringe and crawl now, but you thought little enough of this poor Horner in the dock for a crime of which he knew nothing. "A SIGHT I SHALL 
NEVER FORGET" XIV. It IS impossible as I state it, and therefore I must in some respect have stated it wrong. A vulgar 
flaring paper adorned the walls, but it was blotched in places with mildew, and here and there great strips had become detached and hung down, exposing the yellow plaster beneath. "By Jove, 
the doctor is coming back!" cried Holmes. It is very well in time of peace to 
lead such a life as we have had together, but now the war-banner is in the wind once more, and, by these ten finger-bones! if he go alone, old Samkin Aylward will walk beside it. Sometimes Holmes would hurry on, sometimes stop dead, and once he made quite a little detour into the meadow. There was something 
indescribably nerve-shaking and menacing in that constant mutter, which seemed to shape itself into the very syllables of the half-breed, endlessly repeated, "We will kill you if we can. It follows, therefore, that Barrymore, 
since only this window would serve the purpose, must have been looking out for something or somebody upon the moor. The secret opening is half a mile onwards upon the other side of the river. A 
weary-looking police-sergeant reclined in the corner. Now the skilful workman is very careful indeed as to what he takes into his brain-attic. Therefore I 
blessed this Mr. They are both lying, and in a conspiracy. Blessington's room, the door of which they found to be locked. With the help of a wire, however, they forced round the key. "At least it cannot be your health," said he, as his keen eyes darted over her, "so ardent a bicyclist must be full of energy. "  He was passing through the door, when he turned, with flushed face and flashing eyes. "It's up to you, young fellah, to name the lake," said he. "You 
were in trouble last month for the same thing. Douglas in a boarding house in 
London, did you not, and became engaged to him there? Was there any romance, anything secret or mysterious, about the wedding?"  "There was romance. But I would ask you how did this man know that you lived here, or how to get into your house, or where to hide to get you?"  "I know nothing of this. Pray what steps did you take when you found the card 
upon the door?"  "I was staggered, sir. "  "It is not cold which makes me shiver," said the woman in a low voice, changing her seat as requested. Gregson climbed the stair to arrest this desperate murderer with the same absolutely quiet and businesslike bearing with which he would have ascended the official staircase of Scotland Yard. I stared in silence at Sherlock Holmes, whose lips were compressed and his brows drawn down over his eyes. As he dangled from the hook it was exaggerated 
and intensified until he was scarce human in his appearance. "  "Pray sit down and tell me all about it, Dr. "Well, I'll come out by the same 
train to-morrow, though it's more than likely that my report will be a negative one. Holmes, when I got back to my 
lodgings and found little enough in the cupboard, and two or three bills upon the table, I began to ask myself whether I had not done a very foolish thing. "  "What has it turned to, then?"  "To murder. "In sooth and in sooth!" cried the king-at-arms with scornful 
eyes. In the meantime, remember that now and for ever you are of our religion. "  The sun had set and dusk was settling over the moor. "Very unlikely. "As it 
happens, it was not the carriages which I desired to examine. I saw him once look hard over my shoulder, so I turned round and looked also. "By the way, a propos of this 
Norwood business, you see that they had, as I surmised, a confederate in the house, who could be none other than Lal Rao, the butler:  so Jones actually has the undivided honor of having caught one fish in his great haul. "It was grand to hear you. Could you 
take me away?"  A struggle passed for a moment over McMurdo's face; but it ended by setting like granite. By my faith! I have never seen a better one at the Forest of Bere. We had been 
natives of the world; now we were natives of the plateau. We made careful note of the place, and next day I drew four plans, one for each of us, and put the sign of the four of us at the bottom, for we had sworn that we should each always act for all, so that none might take advantage. How bitter that quarrel 
may have been, or how hollow the reconciliation we cannot tell. How Sir Nigel 
sought for a Wayside Venture XV. The three vessels had been sweeping swiftly westwards, the cog still well to the front, although the galleys were slowly drawing in upon either quarter. Alleyne, weary with the unwonted excitements of the day, was 
soon in a deep slumber broken only by fleeting visions of twittering legs, cursing beggars, black robbers, and the many strange folk whom he had met at the "Pied Merlin. In front stood the bow-men, ten deep, with a fringe of under-officers, who paced hither and thither marshalling the ranks with curt precept or short rebuke. "  "It is a murder, then?"  "Well, it is conjectured to be so. "I should imagine not," he said. Holmes," 
he blurted out at last, with a very red face. "But this may all fit in with your theories," I remarked. 
"There is the man who set me in the right path," said he. "When you entered the room there was only a candle lighted on the table, was there not?"  "Yes, that was so. These goods which you sell are not to be seen, nor is there any proof that you hold them. If you will help me with our prisoner, I think 
that we may get started for London at once. "  "The young imp cannot be found," said Dr. "And you, Norbury," he continued, beckoning to the squire of Sir Oliver, "do you also come here. "  The ground at the foot of the cliff was rocky and broken so that the going was slow and difficult. "  "Then, how can I assist you?"  "By advising me as to what I should do with Sir Henry Baskerville, who arrives at Waterloo Station"--Dr. "Whither? To the devil if ye will. What is 
it to me? Now, ma belle, to supper. I rose and examined carefully the different billets of wood which were scattered round the floor. Here I had heard what he had 
heard, I had seen what he had seen, and yet from his words it was evident that he saw clearly not only what had happened but what was about to happen, while to me the whole business was still confused and grotesque. Whoa, there, whoa!"  We had pulled up in front of a large villa which stood within its own grounds. A stable-boy had run out to the horse's head, and springing down, I followed Holmes up the small, winding gravel-drive which led to the house. We hastened towards it. "  "And Belgium?"  "Yes, and Belgium, too. "You've been so kind to us, sir, that I should like to 
do the best I can for you in return. "Have I though," the man answered penitently, "I didn't 
go for to do it. At Weymouth and at Portland they have murdered and ravished. John and Alleyne rode silent on either side, but every inn, farm-steading, or castle brought back to Aylward some remembrance of love, foray, or plunder, with which to beguile the way. "  "We have been following you about all the morning. From within he extracted a 
dumb-bell, which he tossed down to its fellow in the corner. Next he drew forth a pair of boots. Finally he described, amongst some merriment, the ingenious but highly dangerous aeronautic invention of Professor Challenger, and wound up a most memorable address by an account of the methods by which the committee did at last find their way back to civilization. Finally he took the bell-rope in his hand and gave it a brisk tug. Holmes picked one out, but it 
was as hard to read by the flickering fire, and he drew out his little dark lantern, for it was too dangerous, with Milverton in the next room, to switch on the electric light. As Ames had observed, the soles of both were dark with blood. Jones's energy will be of use to us there, for his view of the case is sure to push itself into the daily press, and the runaways will think that every one is off on the wrong scent. This fact, which has been very clearly made out, proves conclusively that it was no mere haphazard burglary. This explanation of deficiencies or abnormalities you will kindly accept. Then there was a 
wonderful cook, he said, a half-breed whom he had picked up in his travels, who could serve an excellent dinner. "In the 
meantime the housekeeper had also arrived upon the scene, but she was just too late to catch the young man's dying words. In the meantime, 
remember that now and for ever you are of our religion. Already the white lines in the east were deepening into pink as the archers gathered round the keep and took counsel how to rescue the survivors. Tranter, cunning and wary 
from years of fighting, knew that his chance had come. He brushed aside the frail weapon which was opposed to him, whirled up his great blade, sprang back to get the fairer sweep--and vanished into the waters of the Garonne. '  "'That is true. "'Oh, merely a couple of hundred a year, but the work is 
slight, and it need not interfere very much with one's other occupations. I assure you that it has not detracted in the tiniest iota from your appearance. But it was destined that I should after all have a 
last word of greeting from my friend and comrade. "  "By Saint Paul!" lisped Sir Nigel, "this is certainly a man whom it is worth journeying far to know. This narrow margin of grass between the path 
and the flower-bed. Evidently there was a skylight which let in light from above. We took the wrong one. She has 
hardly been away from her home for a day during that time. Then, after we had sat down for ten minutes or so, she 
rose hurriedly, muttered some words of apology, and left the room. We can 
understand his taking an evening stroll, but the ground was damp and the night inclement. But that is a mere 
detail. "If the police are to hush this thing up, there must be no more of Hugh Boone. Bear in mind too, 
that it is Herward the bailiff for whom you pray, and not Herward the sheriff, who is my uncle's son. Now, would you kindly step over to that flap-window and smell the edge of the wood-work?  I shall stay here, as I have this handkerchief in my hand. The light shone steadily as if he were standing motionless. The third, Rodger, was 
the black sheep of the family. My respect for his powers of analysis increased wondrously. When father died, we were left very poor, 
but one day we were told that there was an advertisement in the TIMES, inquiring for our whereabouts. Soon, however, it seemed to him that the white men's day was come, for through all the land he could hear of nothing but of their death and their overthrow. Yet, being a careful man, he made such plans that, come what might, half at least of his treasure should be left to him. "This Sir Gaston is a very worthy man," said he to his squires 
as they rode from the "Baton Rouge. To the right and some distance back from the road 
was the timber-yard which had been the scene of the fire. There are three who may be said to be the heads of their profession. They belong to men who are blood-relatives. My second sister, my brother's wife, and her 
two children, they were but ash-heaps in the smoking ruins of their house. "  "Good heavens!" cried Holmes. I remember that the white one was worn to a 
stump. Then I walked home. I sat down in the darkness and unstrapped my wooden leg. I left it with my cigarette-box and my stick, and I walked along the pathway, Moriarty still at my heels. This was a 
man from whom much honor might be gained, and I have seldom met any one for whom I have conceived so much love and esteem. As the whirl of dust drew nearer to the solitary bluff upon which the two castaways were reposing, the canvas-covered tilts of waggons and the figures of armed horsemen began to show up through the haze, and the apparition revealed itself as being a great caravan upon its journey for the West. Holmes turned away, and stooped suddenly to the floor. "Well, Watson," he asked, turning suddenly upon 
me, "what do you make of it?"  "I can make nothing of this mystification of Scott Eccles. "The world is dead. 
Our seven hundred feet of elevation give us an advantage. "Far down the course 
of time I can see her still leading the nations, a wayward queen among the peoples, great in war, but greater in peace, quick in thought, deft in action, with her people's will for her sole monarch, from the sands of Calais to the blue seas of the south. "  "Peace for the little Gascon!" cried the archers. "I also did not fail to 
observe your strange manner the moment we met. "Not at all. "  "But you have hopes?"  "I have hopes. The road still ascended, and we crossed a rock-studded slope 
which took two days to traverse. 

"They had gone a mile or two when they passed one of the 

night shepherds upon the moorlands, and they cried to 

him to know if he had seen the hunt. 

What of the men? 

The men were bred in England, 

The bowmen, the yeomen, 

The lads of the dale and fell, 

Here's to you and to you, 

To the hearts that are true, 

And the land where the true hearts dwell. "They sing very joyfully," said Du 
Guesclin, "as though they were going to a festival. See how the irrepressible Greek e will break out, and see the twirl of the final s. "  "I'll do that. See! they are springing from their horses, and cutting their sollerets that they may rush upon us. Might we not even now make a retreat?"  "My soul will retreat from my body first!" cried the little knight. This 
cosmic disturbance of the spectrum proves it. We can only imagine, therefore, 
that the balance of Nature is preserved by some check which limits the numbers of these ferocious creatures. "  But more than that we were never destined to know, though there was much which we might surmise. "  "Exactly, Mr. "Amen and amen! But thou art a pretty lad, and the prettier for 
thy modest ways. It is easy to see from thy cheek that thou hast not spent thy days in the rain and the heat and the wind, as my poor Wat hath been forced to do. My participation in some of his adventures was always a privilege which entailed discretion and reticence upon me. And yet, as I say, I acquiesce. Good God, it's dreadful to think of!  That West, of all men, should have done such a thing!"  "You are sure of his guilt, then?"  "I can see no other way out of it. Three--a full piece of white Genoan velvet with twelve ells of purple silk. Thou rascal, there is dirt on the hem! Thou hast brushed it against some wall, coquin!"  "Not I, most worthy sir," cried the carrier, shrinking away from the fierce eyes of the bowman. "  The sentence appeared a terrible one to the older monks, who had become so used to the safe and regular life of the Abbey that they would have been as helpless as children in the outer world. McMurdo's deeds in far 
Chicago had been whispered before. He had put off all questions with a smile, as one who did not wish to have greatness thrust upon him. There was a singular prominence about his bearded chin which marked a man who was not to be easily turned from his purpose. Someone was evidently tapping very gently upon 
one of the panels of the door. For a moment I had a glimpse of the human spirits behind their scientific masks. I can exhibit to 
you from my portfolio a picture of that creature taken from life which would convince you----'  "DR. "  "I fear it is rather too late an hour for explanations," said Holmes. "These 
are the traces of the treasure-seekers. They are for the use of horses, but they are shaped below 
with a cloven foot of iron, so as to throw pursuers off the track. There is a strong family 
resemblance about misdeeds, and if you have all the details of a thousand at your finger ends, it is odd if you can't unravel the thousand and first. The face was 
turned half-round, and the effect was that of one of those black silhouettes which our grandparents loved to frame. Willoughby 
Smith, a very young man straight from the university, seems to have been just what his employer wanted. At first she could see no injury, but as she tried to raise him she saw that blood was pouring from the underside of his neck. He was a dapper, brisk man, very richly clad, with a round, clean-shaven face, and very bright black eyes, which danced and sparkled with excitement. Shall I order that the nakirs sound, sire?"  The prince nodded, and the trumpets rang out, while the champions rode forth one after the other, each meeting his opponent in the centre of the lists. It was but for a moment, for the action of the alkaloid is rapid. For the first, we had each, 
no doubt, our own pressing personal affairs to absorb us. Professor Challenger threw up his hands to 
still the commotion, but the movement alarmed the creature beside him. It was August 2nd 
when we snapped our last link with the outer world by bidding farewell to the Esmeralda. I know the men, the launch, everything; and yet I can get no news. It was just as you say. Holmes stooped over it. A walk of five minutes took us to Cross Street, where Miss Cushing resided. He loved to lie in the very center of five millions of people, with his filaments stretching out and running through them, responsive to every little rumour or suspicion of unsolved crime. "  "I quite understand your position," said Holmes, with a mischievous twinkle in his eyes. Maybe he'll get a sniff of danger," said the secretary. "  "Not at all," said Holmes. "Count the cost!  Your brain may, as you say, be roused and excited, but it is a pathological and morbid process, which involves increased tissue-change and may at last leave a permanent weakness. You know, too, what a black reaction comes upon you. "  "It was not me that was in danger. And what do you intend to do?"  "In view of your health, nothing. "'It was to see Sarah that he came to my 
house first, but soon it was to see us, for he was a man with winning ways, and he made friends wherever he went. There was a bit of a haze, and you could not see more than a few hundred yards. "  "It was I who opened it. Would that I had some brighter ending to communicate to my readers, but these are the chronicles of fact, and I must follow to their dark crisis the strange chain of events which for some days made Riding Thorpe Manor a household word through the length and breadth of England. It is not my intention to be 
fulsome, but I confess that I covet your skull. With my enfeebled health I do not know whether I shall ever be able to complete it, now that my assistant has been taken from me. "I am a bachelor," said he, 
"and being of a sociable turn I cultivate a large number of friends. "  "You spoke to my coachman, then?"  "No, it was the candle on the side-table that told me. "  "But not where such large interests are at stake?"  "I don't know that. Becher's. "  "Tell me," broke in the engineer, "is Dr. This is my point. No doubt they want his professional services, but, having used him, they may be inclined to punish him for what they will regard as his treachery. Yet its distance from the road made it of less consequence. "  "Why do they not buy food then?" asked Sir Nigel. Not one word did she say, but as she vanished amid the trees she half turned in her saddle and waved a last greeting. The Colonel and the Inspector were awaiting us in the parlor. From behind him came 
the ripple of a happy woman's laughter, and two young urchins darted forth from the hut, bare-legged and towsy, while the mother, stepping out, laid her hand upon her husband's arm and watched the gambols of the children. One moment 
Alleyne saw the galley's poop crowded with rushing figures, waving arms, exultant faces; the next it was a blood-smeared shambles, with bodies piled three deep upon each other, the living cowering behind the dead to shelter themselves from that sudden storm-blast of death. It is 
the first rule of criminal investigation. Oh, but I am sick and weary of it 
all, and I would give half that I am worth to see my good dame sitting in peace beside me, and to hear the bells of Norwich town. This chair I will place opposite yours, so that we 
may be the same distance from the poison and face to face. Broad, low tables were 
scattered about, which bristled with retorts, test-tubes, and little Bunsen lamps, with their blue flickering flames. There 
was only one student in the room, who was bending over a distant table absorbed in his work. We halted outside it. Simple as the case is, there have been one or two very 
instructive details in connection with it. Just pull up at a telegraph office as you pass, cabby. The earth is of this peculiar reddish tint which is found, as far as I know, nowhere else in the neighborhood. Now, Watson, we will light our lamp; we will, however, take the precaution to open our window to avoid the premature decease of two deserving members of society, and you will seat yourself near that open window in an armchair unless, like a sensible man, you determine to have nothing to do with the affair. '"  "I have been waiting this time back," said Hordle John gruffly. 

There came a squire so debonair 

His dress was rich, his words were fair, 

He sweetly sang, he deftly played: 

He could not win the franklin's maid. In my aching head the one thought was 
throbbing that there really was truth in this man's story, that it was of tremendous consequence, and that it would work up into inconceivable copy for the Gazette when I could obtain permission to use it. He was cheery 
and genial to all, but somewhat offhand in his manners, giving the impression that he had seen life in social strata on some far lower horizon than the county society of Sussex. Then there's that wedding ring. The last that the porter saw of them, they were almost running down the street in the direction of the Strand. "Ha, you see it now. "Thou wouldst be deep in the secrets of mother Church? Know then that I have both in my scrip. "  "But, sir," urged Alleyne, who was white to the lips at these bloody doings, "he hath not yet come to trial. Paul! I am very glad of it," said Sir 
Nigel. But while the Socman lives----Ha, by my soul! if this is not Sir Oliver's step I am the more mistaken. I read death 
on his face as plain as I can read that text over the fire. "  He was a fine creature, this man of the old English soil--simple, straight, and gentle, with his great, earnest blue eyes and broad, comely face. It is probably speeding on its way thither at the present instant as fast as steam can take it. There are 
several people in the neighbourhood, however, and among them Miss Turner, the daughter of the neighbouring landowner, who believe in his innocence, and who have retained Lestrade, whom you may recollect in connection with the Study in Scarlet, to work out the case in his interest. Give me a hand, Watson, and I'll do the same for you. So long, 
then!"  He flicked the horse with his whip, and we dashed away through the endless succession of sombre and deserted streets, which widened gradually, until we were flying across a broad balustraded bridge, with the murky river flowing sluggishly beneath us. "I have a presentiment that you are going to propose, Ned. "Did you come to see him? He 
is down town. "  "Quite so. The most we can say is that the vitiated ether has produced a temporary death. There are only two, a man and his wife. Holmes. I really do sometimes think that you have powers that are not human. Once I lost myself, and it was only by good luck, and after an hour of wandering, that I found the camp once more. "Good God!" gasped John Ferrier. The face of 
Stapleton had sprung out of the canvas. Before we start to investigate that, let us try to realize what we do know, so as to make the most of it, and to separate the essential from the accidental. They had seen no signs of any pursuers, and Jefferson Hope began to think that they were fairly out of the reach of the terrible organization whose enmity they had incurred. The boarding house was near the edge of the town, 
and soon they were at the crossroads which is beyond its boundary. Sherlock Holmes, I have 
continually been faced by difficulties caused by his own aversion to publicity. "If you know anything, you can surely say it without all this tomfoolery. "  I see that I have alluded above to his powers upon the violin. "Do you 
consider, Doctor, that there is immediate danger?" the former asked, [24]  "Most certainly there is," I answered. McMurdo shook his head gloomily. 
Suddenly McGinty stooped and produced a wicked-looking revolver. "Look at this!" said he. "  "Perhaps," Challenger answered, "you would have the kindness to suggest what you think we ought to do. Her eyes and teeth gleamed with fierce merriment. Her plump little white legs terminating in white socks and neat shoes with shining buckles, offered a strange contrast to the long shrivelled members of her companion. See where she digs by the wayside. They are undoubtedly by the same person. "For two days after my arrival at the Copper Beeches my life 
was very quiet; on the third, Mrs. "Your blood would be upon my head. "  "Here you are, doggy!  Good old Toby!  Smell it, Toby, smell it!" He pushed the creasote handkerchief under the dog's nose, while the creature stood with its fluffy legs separated, and with a most comical cock to its head, like a connoisseur sniffing the bouquet of a famous vintage. Do you say nothing has come out of that room--absolutely nothing?"  The landlady drew an envelope from her bag; from it she shook out two burnt matches and a cigarette-end upon the table. Your old school-fellow,  Percy Phelps. "  "And this giant behind you?"  "He is big John, of Hordle, a forest man, who hath now taken service in the Company. Holmes. A walk of five minutes took us to Cross Street, where Miss Cushing resided. The face which was turned towards us 
formed a dark cliff, with ferns and brambles growing in its niches. This also you cleared up in a very effective way, though I had already come to the same conclusions from my own observations. My maid, Theresa, sleeps above my 
room. Holmes was seated at his side-table clad in his dressing-gown, and working hard over a chemical investigation. " He scribbled the appointment on 
his shirt-cuff and hurried off in his strange, peering, absent-minded fashion. "  The inspector looked surprised and a little shocked. "Some wine, Tita, from the Florence flask! Had it not been for you, I tremble to think of what might have come of it. "When my wife and the household left yesterday for Flushing they took the less important with them. However, we may congratulate ourselves upon a curious and, in some respects, a unique case. So now, my good sir, I beg you to sit down and to tell me, slowly and quietly, exactly what it is that has occurred, and how you desire that I should help you. His sight having been injured in his early wars by a basketful of lime which had been emptied over him when he led the Earl of Derby's stormers up the breach at Bergerac, he had contracted something of a stoop, with a blinking, peering expression of face. Baldwin was still stooping over his victim, 
putting in a short, vicious blow whenever he could see a part exposed, when McMurdo dashed up the stair and pushed him back. Cormac placed his hands on the stove 
for an instant--it had been lighted, for the nights were still cold. "That will do," said he, with an 
oath. We are bound to see what it means before he comes. But that is a mere detail. Yet 
he can tilt or play his part at hand-strokes as merrily as ever. I found myself 
on my feet emptying one magazine, then the other, clicking open the breech to re-load, snapping it to again, while cheering and yelling with pure ferocity and joy of slaughter as I did so. But there was no sign of them. Even as he spoke, however, his head swirled round, and he fell to the deck with the blood gushing from his nose and mouth. Some of the golfers were returning to the club-house. That delicately bronzed skin, almost oriental in its coloring, that raven hair, the large liquid eyes, the full but exquisite lips,--all the stigmata of passion were there. Looking down from the Sierra Blanco, one sees a pathway traced out across the desert, which winds away and is lost in the extreme distance. At the sight of her thin limbs struggling in weak resistance, such a glow of fierce anger passed over Alleyne as set his head in a whirl. Challenger struts about like a prize peacock, and Summerlee is silent, but still sceptical. "How long, 
Challenger?" asked Lord John. "How now, Sir Mayor? How of the clams and the scallops?"  "By Our Lady! my sweet Sir Oliver," cried the mayor. Oh, if I could only have 
plucked them out today. Holmes, you must save him--you must save him! I tell you that you must save him!" The Duke had dropped the last attempt at self-command, and was pacing the room with a convulsed face and with his clenched hands raving in the air. "  "What is it, madam?"  "Is my husband's political career likely to suffer through this incident?"  "Well, madam, unless it is set right it may certainly have a very unfortunate effect. "  "That's what HE says. Furious and gesticulating the Gascons, white and cold and sneering the English, while the prince with a half smile glanced from one party to the other, like a man who loved to dwell upon a fiery scene, and yet dreaded least the mischief go so far that he might find it beyond his control. "Friends, friends!" he cried at last, "this 
quarrel must go no further. The man shall answer to me, be he Gascon or 
English, who carries it beyond this room. "  "Hurrah for him, and God be with him!" cried several. "But, by these ten 
finger-bones! it is a passing strange thing to me to think that it was but in the last fall of the leaf that we walked from Lyndhurst together, he so gentle and maidenly, and you, John, like a great red-limbed overgrown moon-calf; and now here you are as sprack a squire and as lusty an archer as ever passed down the highway from Bordeaux, while I am still the same old Samkin Aylward, with never a change, save that I have a few more sins on my soul and a few less crowns in my pouch. "There are no trains before six in the morning; 
so he can't get away by rail. "He has confessed to all. "  "Ha! Did they know that they would receive this?"  "Yes; Sir Charles was very fond of talking about the provisions of his will. "An accident, I presume?"  "By no means. "You're Jack McMurdo of Chicago, right enough, and don't you deny it!"  McMurdo shrugged his shoulders. "Well, I guess you have every cause to be. That was the breadth of a puddle on the garden walk which he had evidently walked across. In 
silence we stood together in the darkness and watched the hurrying figures who passed and repassed in front of us. Here fluttered many 
an outland pennon, bearing symbol and blazonry from the banks of the Danube, the wilds of Lithuania and the mountain strongholds of Hungary; for chivalry was of no clime and of no race, nor was any land so wild that the fame and name of the prince had not sounded through it from border to border. "But it was some time 
coming. I've heard it once or twice before, but never quite so loud. "  "Then it has nothing to do with the crime, anyhow," said the sergeant. "You 
hear! He gives me hopes. I assure you that I am innocent. This, then, might be 
the door. Mrs. Rucastle is not mad. His cheeks were red, his brow was all crinkled with anger, and the veins stood out at his temples with passion. In his hand he carried what appeared to be a stick, but as he laid it down upon the floor it gave a metallic clang. Inside were half a dozen spines of dark wood, sharp at one end and rounded at the other, like that which had struck Bartholomew Sholto. The manager, a big blond 
German, received us civilly and gave a clear answer to all Holmes's questions. '  "'Have you any suggestion to make?' I asked. "'Tut, tut,' said he. 'I am quite 
sure that a man of your intelligence will see that there can be but one outcome to this affair. I must raise the 
money in some way, and if you will not let me have it, then I must try other means. I have a dim recollection of a group of officials who crowded round me, endeavoring to soothe me. You will find me at the 
police-station. But is not that my Lord Delewar who waves to us? Ha! my fair 
lord, God and Our Lady be with you! And there is Sir Robert Cheney. The man was seen. The despotism and hatred of Liberalism which animated the Continental Governments had had the effect of driving to our shores a number of men who might have made excellent citizens were they not soured by the recollection of all that they had undergone. "  "Good heavens, Holmes! Are you sure of what you say? How could he have permitted Sir Henry to fall in love with her?"  "Sir Henry's falling in love could do no harm to anyone except Sir Henry. All day long the sound of revelry and of rejoicing from the crowded camp swelled up to the ears of the Englishmen, and they could see the soldiers of the two nations throwing themselves into each other's arms and dancing hand-in-hand round the blazing fires. Yet when we bale our bowline and veer the sheet our lives will hang upon the breach remaining blocked. Has it seemed to 
thee, Alleyne, that she loves any one?"  "Nay, I cannot say," said Alleyne, with a wild throb of sudden hope in his heart. He is dark, handsome, and dashing, never calls less than once a day, and often twice. The old man, still clad in his surplice, burst into such a string of foul oaths as I have never heard, and pulled out a revolver of his own, but, before he could raise it, he was looking down the barrel of Holmes's weapon. CHAPTER XXII. HOW ALLEYNE WON HIS PLACE IN AN HONORABLE GUILD. On the 
morning after the jousting, when Alleyne Edricson went, as was his custom, into his master's chamber to wait upon him in his dressing and to curl his hair, he found him already up and very busily at work. He 
lounged back in a careless position, and yawned repeatedly as though heartily weary of the proceedings, stooping from time to time to fondle a shaggy Spanish greyhound which lay stretched at his feet. Then he 
came swiftly along the path, passed close to where we lay, and went on up the long slope behind us. They were in the passage outside the room. "  "By George, it's marvellous!" cried Hopkins, in an ecstasy of admiration. A short passage, bare planked and dusty, led to the kitchen and 
offices. Indeed, I could sympathize with the person who took the view that the horror lay in the idea of surviving when all that is learned, famous, and exalted had passed away. Looking behind me, I could see rows of faces of the 
familiar medical student type. He waved back to them, and then hastened on, the lighter of heart for having fallen in with these strange men of pleasure. "  "Your works?"  "Oh, didn't you know?" he cried, laughing. "  So as the fog-bank flowed onward we fell back before it until we were half a mile from the house, and still that dense white sea, with the moon silvering its upper edge, swept slowly and inexorably on. "Come here," he 
said, bustling back into the room, the atmosphere of which felt clearer since the removal of its ghastly inmate. A man entered who 
could hardly have been less than six feet six inches in height, with the chest and limbs of a Hercules. Such as it was, 
however, he had no choice but to follow it, and if he were to begin by making a friend of his brother he had best wait until morning before he knocked at his dwelling. The great cities already knew their fate and so far as we could gather were preparing to meet it with dignity and resignation. "Real San Juan Colorado," he said. "Excitable people like you are 
the better for narcotics. Heavens! don't bite it!  Cut--and cut with reverence!  Now lean back, and listen attentively to whatever I may care to say to you. If any remark should occur to you, you can reserve it for some more opportune time. If, on the other hand, as I fancy is more likely, the inmates were warned of your coming, and left before you entered yesterday, then they may be back now, and we should clear it all up easily. " He stooped and whispered to 
Sir Robert Knolles and Sir Huge Calverley, who smiled as men well pleased, and hastened from the room. Then, lying on his face, he reached down for the lamp and held it while I followed him. Woodwork and glass gave way 
before him; but before he got quite through, Gregson, Lestrade, and Holmes sprang upon him like so many staghounds. He was dragged back into the room, and then commenced a terrific conflict. He's got two of the warders and Mereer, the second mate, and he'd get the captain himself, if he thought him worth it. He passes under the name of Steve Wilson, and he is lodging at Hobson's Patch. As he came up with them, he saw that two little lads, the one about nine years of age and the other somewhat older, were standing on the plot in front of the cottage, each holding out a round stick in their left hands, with their arms stiff and straight from the shoulder, as silent and still as two small statues. The face which she turned towards us was of the strangest livid tint, and the features were absolutely devoid of any expression. " As he spoke the seamen came swarming on 
to the poop and the forecastle to avoid the torrent which poured through the huge leak into the waist. Holmes?"  "Ah, I have no data. "  "Man, it would be absolute nonsense if it wasn't that anything else is even worse!" cried MacDonald. Jones, Holmes, and I sat in the stern. "Still, I 
confess that I miss my rubber. Simon, of course I'd have done my duty by him. We can't command our love, but we can our actions. We have come to seek a refuge from the violent man and from the godless, even though it be the heart of the desert. Would you 
care to come?"  "It's just what I want. "  "My imitation of the clucking hen who had just laid an egg was also considered rather above the average. It was his specialty to be accurate as to 
fact, but his recent illness had shaken him, and this one little incident was enough to show me that he was still far from being himself. It was long, 
whitish, and blotched with pimples, the nose flattened, and the lower jaw projecting, with a bristle of coarse whiskers round the chin. Near the door I saw the gleam of an electric switch, but it was unnecessary, even if it had been safe, to turn it on. Further on he met a sturdy black-bearded man, mounted on a brown horse, with a rosary in his right hand and a long two-handed sword jangling against his stirrup-iron. "By St. "What is amiss 
with the song then? How has it offended your babyship?"  "A milder and better mannered song hath never been heard within these walls," cried another. I told you in London, Watson, and I tell you now again, that we have never had a foeman more worthy of our steel. '  "We were dashing along the smooth white country road, with the long stretch of the Broads in front of us glimmering in the red light of the setting sun. I sat in silence wondering what on earth could be his reason for kidnapping me in this extraordinary fashion. " He stepped swiftly forward, seized the poker, and bent it into a curve with his huge brown hands. Up to now you may have spoken the truth, but now I know that you have lied. Slowly I staggered to my feet and felt 
myself all over. I was stiff and sore from head to foot, but there was no limb which would not move, no joint which would not bend. It was five minutes past eleven when I made my last entry. We shall be at work before midnight. 
Lyons, and it is probable that you will very shortly hear from us again. "  "Our case becomes rounded off, and difficulty after difficulty thins away in front of us," said Holmes as we stood waiting for the arrival of the express from town. May we bring him in, marm?"  "Surely. White Mason, whether you examined the farther side of the moat at once to see if there were any signs of the man having climbed out from the water?"  "There were no signs, Mr. Holmes. By it he laid the box of matches and the stump of a candle. An hour passed and yet another. His face was lean and 
haggard, and the brown parchment-like skin was drawn tightly over the projecting bones; his long, brown hair and beard were all flecked and dashed with white; his eyes were sunken in his head, and burned with an unnatural lustre; while the hand which grasped his rifle was hardly more fleshy than that of a skeleton. If it were not for our fears as to the fate of our companions, it would have been a positive joy to throw myself with such a man into such an affair. "  "But chances are all around you. "  "Yes. "The question for us now to solve is the sequence of events leading from a rifled jewel-case at one end to the crop of a goose in Tottenham Court Road at the other. At the same time I 
recognize that the evidence is purely circumstantial, and that some new development may upset it. CHAPTER X. THE AVENGING ANGELS. The parcel was directed, then, by a man--the printing is distinctly masculine--of limited education and unacquainted with the town of Croydon. There is no doubt about the stick 
belonging to our client. "  "And where got you all these pretty things?" asked Hordle John, pointing at the heap in the corner. Alleyne had lingered for an instant in the passage, and as he did so there came a wild outcry from a chamber upon the left, and out there ran Aylward and John, laughing together like two schoolboys who are bent upon a prank. The one who led was a man between fifty 
and sixty years of age, war-worn and weather-beaten, with a broad, thoughtful forehead and eyes which shone brightly from under his fierce and overhung brows. That is one point. 
Therefore he took it from the murdered man's pocket. I enumerated in my own mind all the various points upon which he had shown me that he was exceptionally well-informed. Put your ears down to my mouth. "  "What is amiss then?" asked Alleyne, for the man's words were as gusty as the weather. Then, again, why such laconic messages?"  "I cannot imagine. You may have observed that some of them were marked with ticks, and the others--the great majority--were not. You understand?"  "Yes, sir. That is your record in this business, Mr. But if she does not wish to shield him she would give his name. The key was not in 
the inner side of the door, nor could he find it anywhere in the room. It was the severity of Holmes's manner and the fact that he slipped a revolver into his pocket before leaving our rooms which impressed me with the feeling that tragedy might prove to lurk behind this curious train of events. The main 
article is a large writing-table with a fixed bureau. There were twenty Indians from the river, with stakes, ropes, and all that could be useful for bridging the chasm. "This must be 
preserved, for it will figure in the trial," said Holmes, as he handed the bag with its contents to the inspector. There is no name," 
said she, smoothing it out upon the counter. Halloa, what on earth--"  The light had suddenly gone out, the glimmering square of window had disappeared, and the third floor formed a dark band round the lofty building, with its tiers of shining casements. "  A figure was approaching us over the moor, and I saw the dull red glow of a cigar. "We never thought that she would have been so carried away. There were ten thousand 
rebels round us, and they were as keen as a set of terriers round a rat-cage. Our visitor stammered for a moment, his great hands opening and shutting in his agitation. "  He beamed at us with the old paternal smile, but European science would have been somewhat amazed could they have seen their chosen child, the hope of the future, with his tangled, unkempt head, his bare chest, and his tattered clothes. "Then I will tell you, relying entirely upon your honour 
and that of your colleague, Dr. "I guess those chaps would be glad to know," he said. Had you gone through the pain and unease that 
I have done to earn these things you would be at more care. Besides, in peaceful 
Cornwall, visitors did not arrive after ten o'clock at night. This is clearly a book which is 
standardized. "  Sir Nigel sat silent and distrait at his meal, while Alleyne hearkened to the clattering tongue of the Gascon, and to his talk of the glories of his own estate, his successes in love, and his triumphs in war. "These are 
not hired slaves, but free companions, who will do nothing save by their own good wills. You must remember that they were six years looking for it. Young men have their hidden troubles--some affair of the heart, perhaps, which we have never known. "I've been over a good part of the world 
since I left it, Dr. There are some of them down New Guinea way that eat the late-lamented himself, just by way of a last tidy up. I frowned and drew my hand away. His face was almost covered by the clothes and he appeared to be asleep. Then, having left the door open behind him, he was leading the horse away over the moor, when he was either met or overtaken by the trainer. We set forth this morning. "  "But why do you follow me?  What do you want?"  "We wish a statement, Mr. "Hast had small experience of war, if I may judge by your looks and bearing. "  "I would fain to France with my friends here," Alleyne answered; "but I am a man of peace--a reader, exorcist, acolyte, and clerk. He is a little queer in his ideas--an enthusiast in some branches of science. He closed the door 
behind him, and then he stood with clenched hands and heaving breast, choking down some overmastering emotion. His presence had something to do with the unhappy issue of my marriage. A Flandrish hat of beevor, bearing in 
the band the token of Our Lady of Embrun, was drawn low upon the left side to hide that ear which had been partly shorn from his head by a Flemish man-at-arms in a camp broil before Tournay. The soldiers came upon him in the 
garden. Presently it was thrown open with a whining of hinges, and we could dimly see the dark outline of a man's head and shoulders looking out into the gloom. A new-comer, a most monstrous animal, was coming down the path. As they swept gravely in by twos and by 
threes, with bended heads and muttering lips there were few who did not bear upon them some signs of their daily toil. "  "A medical student, I suppose?" said I. "  "Excellent! This is a colleague, Watson, after our own heart. I put them there 
myself. The writing is undoubtedly my uncle's. That is why I crawled my way up to it. Men of character always differentiate their long letters, 
however illegibly they may write. There is vacillation in his k's and self-esteem in his capitals. "Then that, of course, accounts for my getting no 
answer," said Holmes. I have your pledge that the name shall remain ever a secret, and that you will neither say nor write one word which might betray it. It was pale and 
exultant, his eyes shining brightly in the moonlight. His life depended upon my promptness. Every instant I 
expected to feel his grip upon my back. They are the devil's pet baits. "  "I fear that Watson and I must go to London. CHAPTER III. HOW THE ARMY MADE 
THE PASSAGE OF RONCESVALLES. To the south of Pampeluna in the kingdom of 
Navarre there stretched a high table-land, rising into bare, sterile hills, brown or gray in color, and strewn with huge boulders of granite. On the path, too, and among the heather were dark stains of clotted blood. High and 
bluff the English cog; long, black and swift the pirate galleys, like two fierce lean wolves which have seen a lordly and unsuspecting stag walk past their forest lair. "Shall we turn, my fair lord, or shall we carry on?" asked 
the master-shipman, looking behind him with anxious eyes. Nine to seven!"  "Seven to five!" repeated the other, and the two figures flitted away in different directions. Their concluding words had evidently been some form of sign and countersign. The cast was taken in two moulds from each side of the face, and then these two profiles of plaster of Paris were joined together to make the complete bust. The first two that he tried 
were not successes, but the third, Mr. As he walked and munched the soft bread from his scrip, it seemed strange to him to feel that it was still warm from the ovens of Beaulieu. The face which 
she turned towards us was of the strangest livid tint, and the features were absolutely devoid of any expression. But where the conical explosive bullets of the twentieth century were of no avail, the poisoned arrows of the natives, dipped in the juice of strophanthus and steeped afterwards in decayed carrion, could succeed. Could 
you scale that wall, doctor?"  I looked out of the open window. "  "Nay; the lady hath seen something of the work of war," said Tiphaine coming forth, as white, as grave, and as unmoved as ever. I fancy that in the 
future we have our own very definite plans about England, and that your information will be very vital to us. "  "Have some refreshment," said the little man, and he added, in a confidential way, "It's always like this, ain't it?  And must be unless you had polygamy, only the other way round; you understand. Phelps never said 
so, and nobody else knew anything of the matter, then the thief's presence in the room was purely accidental. Come to the other end of the street and let us see if we can hear of anything. Sherlock Holmes, which I should ever communicate to the public. Here was an opportunity of taking the conceit out 
of him. I belong to a society that I know only as an innocent one. There was no trace of love between us any longer. "  "Come, come," said Baynes cheerily, "I think better of the law than that. "  "You are to watch me, for I will be visible to you. I must tell you that he is 
a perfectly impossible person--absolutely impossible. It has always been said 
that my father stole all the securities and fled. There was a saddlebag with spanner and oilcan, but no clue as to the owner. I felt Holmes's hand steal 
into mine and give me a reassuring shake, as if to say that the situation was within his powers, and that he was easy in his mind. "  There was no need, however, for him to move, for the twain came swiftly towards them until they were within a spear's length, when the man with the cross sat himself down sullenly upon a tussock of grass by the wayside, while the other stood beside him with his great cudgel still hanging over his head. A study of family portraits is enough to convert a man to the doctrine of reincarnation. So entranced was he that he stood staring without a word, and it was she who broke the silence. But whatever the true explanation of Barrymore's movements might be, I felt that the responsibility of keeping them to myself until I could explain them was more than I could bear. I have a professional commission for 
you, but absolute secrecy is quite essential--absolute secrecy, you understand, and of course we may expect that more from a man who is alone than from one who lives in the bosom of his family. Then, when I flash a light upon them, close in swiftly. A little later a rakish young workman, with 
a goatee beard and a swagger, lit his clay pipe at the lamp before descending into the street. So urgent a message had not been issued within the memory of old lay-brother Athanasius, who had cleaned the Abbey knocker since the year after the Battle of Bannockburn. That very evening I moved my 
things round from the hotel, and on the following morning Sherlock Holmes followed me with several boxes and portmanteaus. As to who this prisoner is, I have no doubt that it is the daughter, Miss Alice Rucastle, if I remember right, who was said to have gone to America. So we left her, still weeping bitterly over her vanished stock. "  "But what is at the root of it?"  "Ah, yes, Watson--severely practical, as usual!  What is at the root of it all?  Mrs. Have you heard of the events which led up to this affair?"  "Yes, I heard something of them. No, Mr. "  "Doubtless you mean no sin," said Alleyne. "Shame!  Shame!"  "Give him a 
hearing!" "Put him out!"  "Shove him off the platform!"  "Fair play!" emerged from a general roar of amusement or execration. The chairman was on his feet flapping both his hands and bleating excitedly. "Awake, Watson?" he 
asked. "Yes. "  "This is the place. "And, 'fore God, you are a better man than I take you for 
if you can lay me on my back, mon garcon. I have won the ram more times than there are toes to my feet, and for seven long years I have found no man in the Company who could make my jerkin dusty. Within a week of his leaving half a 
dozen men were inquiring for him. The half-breeds had ascended also, and under Lord John's 
orders they had carried up a bale of provisions in case our first exploration should be a long one. Her father refused to have anything to do with her because she had married without his consent and perhaps for one or two other reasons as well. "All is very well with me, 
Bertrand," said she. The very next evening had been fixed for the attempt. Whether it was the terrible death of her father or the effects of the hateful marriage into which she had been forced, poor Lucy never held up her head again, but pined away and died within a month. There was no name on his clothing, and 
nothing in his pockets save an apple, some string, a shilling map of London, and a photograph. We are at a 
loss as to how he came into the empty house; indeed, the whole affair is a puzzler. We 
have just been treated to a lecture, a good quarter of an hour long, from Challenger, who was so excited that he roared and bellowed as if he were addressing his old rows of scientific sceptics in the Queen's Hall. Hold 
out your hand, man, and make it up!"  "Never!" cried Baldwin in a fury. "  "Don't mind me," said Hope faintly. "  Somewhat eased in mind, now that his own preparations for escape had been begun, McMurdo went on to the lodge. "Mon Dieu! you cannot conceive to yourself how ugly they are! Without hair, without teeth, all twisted and bent; for me, I cannot think how the good God ever came to make such people. "The wall hath fallen in, the stair is blocked, 
and the fire still rages below. "   "It's a fine, steemulating letter," said McArdle thoughtfully, fitting a cigarette into the long glass tube which he used as a holder. "Oh, Jack, Jack, 
he will hurt you!"  "Oh, it's Jack, is it?" said Baldwin with an oath. How cruelly I have 
misjudged him!"  "When I arrived at the house," continued Holmes, "I at once went very carefully round it to observe if there were any traces in the snow which might help me. "  "Well, then, why this hound should be loose tonight. "May I ask, in the 
meanwhile, whether you have yourself any theory to account for this young man's disappearance?"  "No, sir, I have not. Shall I open a flask?  No?  Well, then, I trust that you have no objection to tobacco-smoke, to the mild balsamic odor of the Eastern tobacco. Gregson?"  The Londoner nodded. "The note is written upon ordinary cream-laid paper 
without watermark. Keep it as a last card. "  "If it gets over the hedge we're done," said Summerlee, and his voice crackled into a nervous laugh as he spoke. "Who is there, save a false traitor, who would refuse to serve the English king?"  "I know not about the English king," said the man Jenkin. "Poor devil! every 
bone in his body seems to be broken. "  "And the bamboo grows through his smashed ribs," said Summerlee. But, in any 
case a forced marriage is no marriage, but it is a very serious felony, as you will discover before you have finished. You remember that Lewisham gang of burglars?"  "What, the three Randalls?"  "Exactly; the father and two sons. Stewart, of Lauder, in 1887. Not? Well, I 
am sure Moran was at the bottom of it, but nothing could be proved. So cleverly was the colonel concealed that, even when the Moriarty gang was broken up, we could not incriminate him. I fancy, so far as my toxicology carries me, that there are some vegetable nerve poisons----"  "Datura," suggested Summerlee. "Tonga--for that was his name--was a fine 
boatman, and owned a big, roomy canoe of his own. When I found that he was devoted to me and would do anything to serve me, I saw my chance of escape. "The problem 
presents features of interest," said he. Not so much bodily exertion, you 
understand, as the strain upon the mind. "  "Ah! He has left two nail-marks from his boot upon your linoleum just where the light strikes it. Then when you tapped at the window I thought 
it had come again. "  "A day which has saved England from a great public scandal," said the banker, rising. Holmes walked swiftly across the lawn, and we were at the open window of the bedroom long before the others came up. "Well, 
gentlemen," said my friend gravely, "I am asking you now to put everything to the test with me, and you will judge for yourselves whether the observations I have made justify the conclusions to which I have come. But there are not many launches to beat us. "  "Well, God be with thee, lad!" cried the archer, pressing Alleyne to his heart. "That my heart is with thee, my dear sweeting, is what thine own heart will assure thee of. "I wish you a very good morning. I must not stop, or my 
brother may miss me. I found out where he was through a sailor man that had met him in London, and down I went to squeeze him. Holmes. He held his open note-book upon his knee, and from time to time he jotted down figures and memoranda in the light of his pocket-lantern. "  "How do you know this?"  "Because I fell into talk with him. Only one important thing has happened in 
the last three days, and that is that nothing has happened. "  "Forget what?"  "Well, about Victor Savage's death. There were two cross-roads before they 
reached the Lymington Ford, and at each of then Sir Nigel pulled up his horse, and waited with many a curvet and gambade, craning his neck this way and that to see if fortune would send him a venture. Then, with four attendants, came the novice, her 
drooping head wreathed with white blossoms, and, behind, the abbess and her council of older nuns, who were already counting in their minds whether their own bailiff could manage the farms of Twynham, or whether a reeve would be needed beneath him, to draw the utmost from these new possessions which this young novice was about to bring them. And while the revellers 

stood aghast at the fury of the man, one more wicked or, 

it may be, more drunken than the rest, cried out that 

they should put the hounds upon her. You pull down, you despoil; but they build 
up, they restore. I said fifty shillings a week. Eventually we found ourselves 
through the narrows of Obidos and reached the town of Manaos. Here we were rescued from the limited attractions of the local inn by Mr. Mortimer to Baker Street and afterwards to the station and to the Northumberland Hotel. Within a radius of five miles there are, as you see, only a very few scattered dwellings. The 
Lady Rochefort, a bright and laughter-loving dame, sat upon the left of her warlike spouse, with Lady Tiphaine upon the right. "  Austin was seated all in a heap on the step of the car. We shall see the noble lord to-day and find out if he can tell us anything. "  "True for you," said McGinty. "Well, it is quite evident that there are two 
men--more, perhaps, but at least two--who are determined for some reason to get at this fellow Blessington. He flew at me with his knife, and I had to grasp him twice, and got a cut over the knuckles, before I had the upper hand of him. There was no reason to suppose that he was going under an assumed name. I was at my wit's end, when suddenly the happy thought occurred to me that you were in the town, and I came straight round to put the matter into your hands. 'Hullo!' I 
yelled. 'Hullo! Colonel! Let me out!'  "And then suddenly in the silence I heard a sound which sent my heart into my mouth. It was the clank of the levers and the swish of the leaking cylinder. Next day he interviewed his two subordinates, Manders and Reilly, reckless youngsters who were as elated as if it were a deer-hunt. "Gentlemen," he cried, "let me introduce you to the 
famous black pearl of the Borgias. "  Lestrade and I sat silent for a moment, and then, with a spontaneous impulse, we both broke at clapping, as at the well-wrought crisis of a play. "Dear me," said he, "it was only this moment at breakfast that I was saying to my friend, Dr. I trust that the man Porlock will come to no harm. "  "You will not go there first?"  "No, I shall commence with the City. "  "Did he say anything more?"  "He mentioned his name. "The business end of a buckshot cartridge!" cried the 
man with a loud laugh. "Exactly, Mr. Your reflection, though profound, had already crossed my mind. I beg you, Mr. "We will confine ourselves for the present with your permission to this very interesting document, which must have been put together and posted yesterday evening. "  During this dialogue, John Ferrier had stood fuming in the doorway, hardly able to keep his riding-whip from the backs of his two visitors. All 
will come well. More than once they lost their way, but Hope's intimate knowledge of the mountains enabled them to regain the track once more. I had not been in my study five minutes when the maid entered to say that a person desired to see me. I was a fairly good dispenser, so I worked this alkaloid into small, soluble pills, and each pill I put in a box with a similar pill made without the poison. A maid 
showed me in without ceremony, and as I entered the sitting-room a lady, who was sitting before a Remington typewriter, sprang up with a pleasant smile of welcome. In spite of the light brown dustcoat and leather-leggings which he wore in deference to his rustic surroundings, I had no difficulty in recognising Lestrade, of Scotland Yard. What was he--a younger son, a penniless clerk, a squire unable to pay for his own harness--that he should dare to raise his eyes to the fairest maid in Hampshire? So spake reason; but, in spite of all, her voice was ever in his ears and her image in his heart. "  I had opened my mouth to reply to this tirade, when with a crisp knock our landlady entered, bearing a card upon the brass salver. It was close upon 
nine when he set out. Two steps to the west meant now that I was to go two paces down the stone-flagged passage, and this was the place indicated by the Ritual. Inspector Martin rose 
and touched his prisoner on the shoulder. We could not doubt that justice, if belated, had come at last. "  He opened the door, and we stepped into the hall. Very good, Ames. "  "I knew that you did it. I have but two friends in the world, and they have gone to Christchurch, where it is likely I shall join them. If I have not said much about it before, it was, of course, that the Professor's earnest desire was that no possible rumor of the unanswerable argument which we carried should be allowed to leak out until the moment came when his enemies were to be confuted. "   GRAPHIC   "Exactly. Ma foi! but there are men whose hearts are tougher than a boar's hide. "  "I hurt my leg and cannot ride," quoth the bishop's champion. "This is most 
interesting and instructive," said he. "  "Take mine, Alleyne," said Ford. But he was dead before he fell. Right across the enormous plain stretched the straggling array, waggons and carts, men on horseback, and men on foot. Innumerable women who staggered along under burdens, and children who toddled beside the waggons or peeped out from under the white coverings. This was evidently no ordinary party of immigrants, but rather some nomad people who had been compelled from stress of circumstances to seek themselves a new country. Roughly pyramidal in shape and hollowed out, I perceive. As you say, there appear to be grains of sawdust in it. That was the pith of the 
information with which Holmes left the office of the Adelaide-Southampton company. My 
companions looked at me in surprise. And yet, without a harshness which was 
foreign to his nature, it was impossible to refuse to listen to the story of the young and beautiful woman, tall, graceful, and queenly, who presented herself at Baker Street late in the evening, and implored his assistance and advice. Barker, I 
seem to be standing rather in the way of your explanation. He intercepted Mrs. I remember that he refused to accept any settlement from Sir Charles, though he pressed it upon him. "  An hour and half had elapsed before the Inspector returned alone. "When he had 
fallen I rushed from the room, chose the wrong door, and found myself in my husband's room. I suppose 
that by Saturday all might be ready?"  "Would that suit Dr. Will you come?"  "Certainly. My heart is lightened already since I have confided my trouble to you. He was still, as ever, deeply attracted by the study of crime, and occupied his immense faculties and extraordinary powers of observation in following out those clues, and clearing up those mysteries which had been abandoned as hopeless by the official police. His father was the 
notorious Sir Jabez Gilchrist, who ruined himself on the turf. These last were continually changing, for it 
was never a very cheery situation, and sometimes it became past all bearing. He instanced a snake, the cast skin of which, deep purple in color, was fifty-one feet in length, and mentioned a white creature, supposed to be mammalian, which gave forth well-marked phosphorescence in the darkness; also a large black moth, the bite of which was supposed by the Indians to be highly poisonous. Through this his identity was established. Holmes showed me into a small chamber which looked out into Pall Mall, and then, leaving me for a minute, he came back with a companion whom I knew could only be his brother. "Halloa! What's this?" said he. Put on your hat, Watson, and we will 
stroll down together to Westminster. The treasure is hidden in--'  At this instant a horrible change 
came over his expression; his eyes stared wildly, his jaw dropped, and he yelled, in a voice which I can never forget, 'Keep him out!  For Christ's sake keep him out!'  We both stared round at the window behind us upon which his gaze was fixed. I caught glimpses of velvet chairs, a high white marble mantel-piece, and what seemed to be a suit of Japanese armor at one side of it. Deeply as I have sinned, I have led a life of martyrdom to atone for it. But that my girl should be entangled in the same meshes which held me was more than I could suffer. Now it is essential--essential, I say--that I should 
thoroughly understand it. If she had expected to startle him, she certainly succeeded; 
but only in turn to be startled herself. "I am the wife of Sir Eustace Brackenstall. I 
think it will be of the greatest assistance in producing the witness whom I require. "  "And was this wooden-legged man alone?"  "Couldn't say, I am sure, sir. Holmes turned on the step and held up something in his hand. "We thought that we should like to 
hear it all from your own lips," he said. "Is there a train to North Walsham to-night?"  I turned up the time-table. "Yes. I was speaking only half an hour ago to Mr. "  "You are quite determined to do this, in spite of your wife's warning that it is better that you should not solve the mystery?"  "Yes, I am determined. "No, for it was followed by a protestation of 
innocence. Mortimer in answer to my friend's questions. We know there has been a presentation. Let us proceed. "  "It would be to ruin the work of three months. "  "Fool! I could pull you limb from limb like a pullet. "  "It was the first link in my chain of reasoning. It is in the same atmosphere 
as ourselves, so naturally the poison does not act upon it. "  "Good old Watson!  You are the one fixed point in a changing age. "There are 
no Indians in any of the caves above our heads," said I. I distinctly told Bartholomew that we should be here, and yet there is no light in his window. " He stepped swiftly forward, seized the poker, and bent it into a curve with his huge brown hands. V. ? Somebody's initials, maybe. What have you got there, Dr. "  "Nay, I scarce think that they would have mishandled you so," said Alleyne in surprise. He gave us the news as it came through to him in a few curt sentences. He stood in the centre of the room, fumbling nervously with his hat and uncertain what to do. "  "That's what puzzles me, Mr. In a few hours the examination would commence, and he was still in the dilemma between making the facts public and allowing the culprit to compete for the valuable scholarship. '  "'For how long, may I ask, do you want this sum?' I asked. "  "Who are those next to him?" asked Alleyne, much interested. "Where is he?" he 
gasped. "He is, or was last night, at the Fighting Cock Inn, about two miles from your park gate. "I have lost one very valiant and gentle squire this day. Holmes through some business dealings which we have had, but I have every respect for his talents and his character. "There are certainly grave difficulties in the way," said he. The official looked at them with a puzzled expression. "  "How did it happen?" I asked. It was felt that a new sun was pushing its rim above the horizon. Even Boss McGinty was ignorant as to many things; for there was an official named the County Delegate, living at Hobson's Patch farther down the line, who had power over several different lodges which he wielded in a sudden and arbitrary way. Another point was that they knew nothin' about guns. So! It is ready for them. What a shrimp 
it is, to be sure!"  For a moment he had staggered and nearly fallen, but the brandy brought a tinge of colour into his cheeks, and he sat staring with frightened eyes at his accuser. I never doubted it. I was seen by the 
sentinel, who would, I knew, direct the colonel's attention to my presence. He was flaxen-haired and handsome, in a washed-out negative fashion, with frightened blue eyes, and a clean-shaven face, with a weak, sensitive mouth. Indeed, they are children 
both--the one wizened and cantankerous, the other formidable and overbearing, yet each with a brain which has put him in the front rank of his scientific age. Why had Holmes remained at Woking? Why had he asked Miss Harrison to remain in the sick-room all day? Why had he been so careful not to inform the people at Briarbrae that he intended to remain near them? I cudgelled my brains until I fell asleep in the endeavor to find some explanation which would cover all these facts. '  "'Good! That's a promise,' said he, rising from his chair. 'I suppose that you 
can get rid of your boarders when you wish. Annoyed at the churlish rebuff, I turned 
my back and walked home. All evening, though I tried to think of other things, my mind would still turn to the apparition at the window and the rudeness of the woman. I thought of the convict out upon the bleak, cold, shelterless moor. The bottle was downstairs in my laboratory, so 
leaving my patient seated in his chair, I ran down to get it. I shall be pleased to see 
you at the lecture to-night. He lay on his back, his knees drawn up, and his mouth horribly open. "The top floor belongs to Miles 
McLaren. At the same time I recognize that the evidence is purely circumstantial, and that some new development may upset it. All this, which takes me so long to describe, impressed itself upon 
me in a few seconds. So far as I know, the man's name was never mentioned, and on the second night he disappeared as if he had never been. It was a Saturday evening in May. It is not true. There have been further and sinister developments in the investigation at Norwood. H. N. ' were the initials of a broker, and that 'C. 'The paper seems 
to me to be of no practical importance. Alas, his warning was too late! In a moment the creature, beating and bumping along the wall like a huge moth within a gas-shade, came upon the opening, squeezed its hideous bulk through it, and was gone. Drebber had returned. He was much 
excited, and evidently the worse for drink. He rushed at the burglars, but another--it was an elderly man--stooped, picked the poker out of the grate and struck him a horrible blow as he passed. "Very sorry to knock you up, Watson," said he, 
"but it's the common lot this morning. Mrs. Forrester, too, was full of curiosity. I told them all that we had done, suppressing, however, the more dreadful parts of the tragedy. I slipped through his grip, and he with a 
horrible scream kicked madly for a few seconds, and clawed the air with both his hands. "You 
have really got it!" he cried, grasping Sherlock Holmes by either shoulder and looking eagerly into his face. "You've hurt that nice 
young man. You are the stormy petrel of crime, Watson. Until after the alarm of 
fire, I had not a suspicion. " He rang the bell as he spoke, and Jefferson Hope was led off by a couple of warders, while my friend and I made our way out of the Station and took a cab back to Baker Street. "Because I order 
it. Because this treasure, these riches, sealed my lips. Now that they are gone 
I can tell you how I love you. "  The prince, however, had already observed their entrance, and, springing to his feet, he had advanced with a winning smile and the light of welcome in his eyes. "Protests," "Uproar," and "General appeal to the Chairman" were three of the first brackets which caught my eye. Most of the matter might have been written in Chinese for any definite meaning that it conveyed to my brain. When these hot fits were over, however, he would rush tumultuously in at the door and lock and bar it behind him, like a man who can brazen it out no longer against the terror which lies at the roots of his soul. Now, the poor lass 

upstairs was like to have her wits turned at the singing 

and shouting and terrible oaths which came up to her from 

below, for they say that the words used by Hugo Baskerville, 

when he was in wine, were such as might blast the man who 

said them. By-the-way, since you are interested in these little problems, and since you are good enough to chronicle one or two of my trifling experiences, you may be interested in this. " He threw over a sheet of thick, pink-tinted note-paper which had been lying open upon the table. I can see 
that they are very wise and discreet folk at Beaulieu. There was the news of a revolution, of a possible war, and of an impending change of government; but these did not come within the horizon of my companion. He has the tidiest and most orderly brain, with the greatest capacity for storing facts, of any man living. Of course, he was quite dead, and had been so from 
the instant that he had uttered that last yell of agony. We will pass that. These 
alarms, and the desperate need for secrecy, argue that the matter is one of life or death. Close to the banks 
of the Garonne there lay a little tract of green sward, with the high wall of a prior's garden upon one side and an orchard with a thick bristle of leafless apple-trees upon the other. In the 
waist gathered the Southampton mariners, hairy and burly men, with their jerkins thrown off, their waists braced tight, swords, mallets, and pole-axes in their hands. Men at his time of life 
do not change all their habits and exchange willingly the charming climate of Florida for the lonely life of an English provincial town. There is vacillation in his k's 
and self-esteem in his capitals. "The blind was not down in your room, and I could 
see Miss Harrison sitting there reading by the table. It was dreary work standing in the 
gate-way hour after hour in such weather. Her light grey eyes wandered continually from one to the other, noting every little want and forestalling it if possible. What with her natural blindness, and what with the change from dark to light, she stood as one dazed, blinking about her to see where and who we were. And this? Ha, ha! What have we here? Tiptoes! tiptoes! Square, too, quite unusual boots! They come, they go, they come again--of course that was for the cloak. What was there in the morning paper to alarm them?  And now it was but three in the afternoon. "Quite so. It was alone before. That would fully explain the facts, would it not?"  The whole inexplicable tangle seemed to straighten out before me. "  The household at the Abbey Grange were much surprised at our return, but Sherlock Holmes, finding that Stanley Hopkins had gone off to report to headquarters, took possession of the dining-room, locked the door upon the inside, and devoted himself for two hours to one of those minute and laborious investigations which form the solid basis on which his brilliant edifices of deduction were reared. If he does not come himself he 
will send an accomplice. Sherlock Holmes is interesting himself in the matter, and I am naturally curious to know what view he may take. You took me in completely. "  "Yes. "This is not a footmark," said I. "  "You are sure this one was among them?"  "Yes, I observed it. Here is the fruit of my leisured ease, the magnum opus of my latter years!"  He picked up the volume from the table and read out the whole title, Practical Handbook of Bee Culture, with Some Observations upon the Segregation of the Queen. The place is lonely, and none 
shall know of his coming. In such combats, as well as in the more formal sports of the tilting-yard, Tranter had won a name for strength and dexterity which had caused Norbury to utter his well-meant warning. Good-bye, and I trust that we shall have nothing but good news from you. " She hurried from the room as impulsively as she had entered, and we heard the wheels of her carriage rattle off down the street. For an hour or more he was at work, returning at last with his feet heavy with snow and his features as inscrutable as ever. "  "He can suggest nothing, sir," I answered. But he is a dirty scoundrel. "  "And none whom you love?"  "Nay, I will not say that," said Alleyne. "I shall not keep you more than a 
few minutes, Watson," said he. "Well, it is a translation. "  "Word of honor?"  "Word of honor. She had risen, but she fell back again with a little cry of 
pain. I glanced at my companion, and his face had assumed such a disconsolate expression that it was all I could do to keep my countenance. Now, what did you gather from that woman's appearance? 
Describe it. "  "But you told me to examine it. "What the deuce is it to me?" he interrupted 
impatiently; "you say that we go round the sun. "Wait here. "All you desire is a plain statement, is it not?"  "And it is my duty to warn Mr. I have no doubt that there were times when my life hung in the balance. "  "What, the man who draws them?"  "Yes, I saw him at his work. "  "Well, that's because he daren't trust you. From it he took a coil of the 
strongest and lightest rope, a hundred and fifty feet in length, with climbing irons, clamps, and other devices. He was naked save for a linen under shirt and pair of woollen drawers. At 

twelve o'clock Barrymore, finding the hall door still open, 

became alarmed, and, lighting a lantern, went in search 

of his master. In front a continuous stream of hansoms and four-wheelers were rattling up, discharging their cargoes of shirt-fronted men and beshawled, bediamonded women. One of these appeared to 
leak or to have been broken, for a stream of dark-colored liquid had trickled out from it, and the air was heavy with a peculiarly pungent, tar-like odor. One morning, at a little before 
seven o'clock, I was awakened by the maid tapping at the door to announce that two men had come from Paddington and were waiting in the consulting-room. Stapleton, a 
neighbour and intimate friend of Sir Charles's. So much he had learned from Dr. The rest is deduction. My nerves tingled with the sense of adventure. Never have I known such a thrill of sensuous joy as came with that freshet of life. The inflated 
membrane shot up with frightful velocity into the air. He was a middle-sized man, coarsely clad as became his calling, with a coloured shirt protruding through the rent in his tattered coat. Now is the dramatic moment of fate, Watson, when you hear a step upon the stair which is walking into your life, and you know not whether for good or ill. Not only this, but on the table I found a small ball of black dough or clay, with specks of something which looks like sawdust in it. It's four o'clock. But I've got to 
the end of my tether, and I must have advice. In my haste I thrust the key into my pocket, and dropped my stick while I was chasing Teddy, who had run up the curtain. The more usual victims are a white 
cock, which is plucked in pieces alive, or a black goat, whose throat is cut and body burned. One of them fired a shot, the other dropped, and the murderer rushed across the garden and over the hedge. "Doff, dog, doff," he hissed, "when a monarch deigns to lower his eyes to such as you!"--then spurred through the underwood and was gone, with a gleam of steel shoes and flutter of dead leaves. The villein took the cruel blow 
without wince or cry, as one to whom stripes are a birthright and an inheritance. At that instant there was a sharp 
click, the jangling of metal, and Sherlock Holmes sprang to his feet again. Sir Nigel and Alleyne gazed in astonishment at one another, while Ford burst out a-laughing. Two hours later Alleyne Edricson followed; for he had the tavern reckoning to settle, and many other duties which fell to him as squire of the body. "  "So it would seem," said Holmes. Melas. "Well then, it was Monday night--only two days ago, you understand--that all this happened. However, we 
will suppose that they are an extraordinarily astute couple, who deceive everyone upon this point, and conspire to murder the husband. "I never heard the name," said 
I. Holmes through some business dealings which we have had, but I have every respect for his talents and his character. It was an ideal spring day, a light blue sky, flecked with little fleecy white clouds drifting across from west to east. The sun shining slantwise through the trees threw delicate traceries across the road, with bars of golden light between. I saw the young occupant step out from it. I understand that you have already managed several delicate cases of this sort, sir, though I presume that they were hardly from the same class of society. Then I broke my blue ribbon and began to drink again, but I think I should not have done it if Mary had been the same as ever. "If my answer to this is as I hope, you will have a very pretty case to add to your collection, Watson," said he. Holmes, you have 
chosen a bad man for your experiment. I picked this out unburned from the back of it. '  "'Then the matter stands thus. "'You know what awaits you, then?'  "'I care nothing for myself. I preserve, too, and in the pheasant months I usually have a house-party, so that it would not do to be short-handed. And yet it would be the blackest treachery to Holmes to draw back now from the part which he had intrusted to me. To rake this up couldn't help our poor master, and it's well to go carefully when there's a lady in the case. As to the lady, she leaned upon the strong guidance of her mighty husband and was well content to go whither his path might lead. "  There was silence in the room. Such a man must not go from my court without rest or sup. The great cities already knew their fate and so far as we could gather were preparing to meet it with dignity and resignation. Then it flashed through my mind that the pain of my death would depend very much upon the position in which I met it. The wise mariner stands far out 
from that evil place. As the mist parted, and the sun broke through, it gleamed and shimmered with dazzling brightness upon the armor and headpieces of a vast body of horsemen who stretched across the barranca from one cliff to the other, and extended backwards until their rear guard were far out upon the plain beyond. He walked with his 
head sunk, his shoulders curved, and his knees bent, as one who strives hard to remain unseen. He had once been a 
skilful sculptor and had earned an honest living, but he had taken to evil courses and had twice already been in jail--once for a petty theft, and once, as we had already heard, for stabbing a fellow-countryman. But that was not quite good enough, Mr. By our lady! they have shown the French at Courtrai and elsewhere that they are as deft in wielding steel as in welding it. "Midsummer madness!" snorted Summerlee. Lord John was 
delighted with the whole idea. "Shoot into the thick of them!  Shoot! sonny, 
shoot!" cried my companion. There are strange red depths in the soul of the most commonplace 
man. "  "You blasted traitor!" hissed McGinty through his closed teeth. "  "I was sure of it from the first. "Where was the horse?"  "Ah, it bolted, and was cared for by one of your neighbors. "It seems to me that you knows a deal more than you should. He has died within ten seconds of 
being bitten. 'Show a leg, matey,' says he:  'time to turn out guard. '  My old man woke up Jim,--that's my eldest,--and away they went, without so much as a word to me. Some pragmatical seventeenth century lawyer, I suppose. His writing has a legal twist about it. I have no doubt that she loved you, but there are women in whom the love of a lover extinguishes all other loves, and I think that she must have been one. Do help me, Mr. I've had to do with fifty murderers in my career, but the worst of them never gave me the repulsion which I have for this fellow. "  "Well, what is it?"  "I'll go to the Patch to-morrow morning. "  "Did you observe anything unusual upon the journey down?"  "Well, to tell the truth, your people seemed more lively and generally human than I have ever seen them. Here is a copy of the Times. "  "Thank you. "When first I saw signs of strange weapons I was inclined to think so; but the remarkable character of the footmarks caused me to reconsider my views. Then I started to go round the house to see that all was secure--a duty which I usually leave to Mary but which I thought it well to perform myself that night. He spoke it with anger and a sort of horror. Now, Watson, I think that we cannot employ our time better than by calling upon your acquaintance, Mrs. "  In less than half-an-hour we had reached our brushwood retreat and concealed ourselves. "What's that?" cried the black-maned Bodymaster from the 
end of the table. "A twenty-horsepower Humber. Holmes?" said he, speaking in well-chosen 
English, with a curious little mincing accent. Warren. "  "I don't see how that is to be managed, unless you break in the door. He was a tall and stately person, scrupulously dressed, with a drawn, thin face, and a nose which was grotesquely curved and long. Having shaken hands with 
each of us, he was about to sit down, when his eye rested upon the paper with the curious markings, which I had just examined and left upon the table. "'I am sorry to 
cut off your view, Mr. But why?'  "'Because during the last few nights I have always, about three in the morning, heard a low, clear whistle. He is deeply interested in South 
African gold shares. "  "Well, that's likely enough. Do I understand you to say that you have yourself had some remarkable experience since you arrived in London?"  "Nothing of much importance, Mr. "Sure, it is the second time I have heard the valley so named," said he. "What is it but a war between us and them, and we hit back where we best can. "We shall know in the morning," 
said Lord John. Mine is a complete acquiescence in whatever fate may send me--a cheerful acquiescence. "  "I can also see it," said Alleyne, shading his eyes with his hand. The one at his elbow is Fernando de Castro, who is as brave and true a man as heart could wish. As he raised himself to look over the bracken at his enemies, the staring color caught the eye of the bailiff, who broke into a long screeching whoop and spurred forward sword in hand. A more civilized or more effeminate generation, however, had refused to be pent up in such a cellar, and the hall with its neighboring chambers had been added for their accommodation. ' That is the clue which they are already following, Mr. Brown, heavy clouds were 
drifting across the sky, and it was hard to see more than a stone-cast. "  It was twenty minutes, and the reds had all faded into grays before Holmes and the trainer reappeared. "Well, well, you have your own methods, Mr. 
Come, Watson! As to you, sir, I trust that a bright future awaits you in Rhodesia. "  "My good Summerlee, this etheric poison is most certainly influenced by material agents. "You will show these gentlemen out, Mrs. "No, no, my girl, 
the matter must be probed to the bottom. "It is always awkward doing business with an alias. It may interest you to know that I succeeded in shooting that particular specimen. James McCarthy, 
the only son of the deceased, was then called and gave evidence as follows: 'I had been away from home for three days at Bristol, and had only just returned upon the morning of last Monday, the 3rd. "  A red square of light had sprung out of the darkness. "We progress," said he. It's not far, I believe. But I've got to the end of my tether, and I must have advice. There the matter must be left. I read his record aloud. "  And he stretched his long white hand up for it. Here is a copy of 
the Times. We entered together, and he closed it behind us. Stangerson has a son, and Drebber has a 
son, and either of them would gladly welcome your daughter to their house. Let her choose between them. But I am prepared to give you a few indications which will be of interest. Follow close behind me, and I will 
forestall old Sir William, though I can scarce promise to roll forth your style and rank as is his wont. " So saying, he led the way to the inner chamber, the two companions treading close at his heels, and nodding to right and left as they caught sight of familiar faces among the crowd. "  "No one else?"  Our fair client seemed a little confused. Merryweather gloomily. "You may 
place considerable confidence in Mr. "Summerlee, will you step across and 
satisfy yourself upon the point? Malone, will you kindly verify what I say?  The little spindle-shaped things in the centre are diatoms and may be disregarded since they are probably vegetable rather than animal. "What do you claim that it was?" he 
asked. It's the mud settling, or the water rising, or something. That would be about his time for hanging himself. Those 
statements, as I am bound to admit, we are now in a position to endorse. Our ostensible work is therefore done. It was a nice question, for the Cape de Verdes were about five hundred miles to the north of us, and the African coast about seven hundred to the east. It was at that moment that an artist might have taken a picture of the four adventurers, the comrades of many strange perils in the past, whom fate had now chosen for so supreme an experience. "So I joined your infernal lodge, 
and I took my share in your councils. And the hue of the skin the most perfect 
that ever I saw. I went to Devonshire with the conviction that Fitzroy Simpson was the true culprit, although, of course, I saw that the evidence against him was by no means complete. I told the police last 
time they did it that they should stop these disgraceful exhibitions. She had hardly listened to his instructions when she saw you coming downstairs, on which she closed the window rapidly and told you about one of the servants' escapade with her wooden-legged lover, which was all perfectly true. "  "Very sorry, Mr. "Now we are ready," said he. Cocksure," said the salesman, "I thought that I was out of geese, but before I finish you'll find that there is still one left in my shop. You see this little book?"  "Well?"  "That's the list of the folk from whom I buy. Suggestive, Watson, is it not?"  "Of caution?"  "Exactly. There was evidently some mark, some thumbprint, something which might give a clue to the person's identity. Never had the cloud above them been so dark and hopeless as in the early summer of the year 1875. Never 
had there been insurrection so sudden, so short, and so successful. My first glance is always at a woman's sleeve. "Our young friend," said 
Challenger, bunching up the red apples of his cheeks, "is capable of acrobatic exertions which would be impossible to a man of a more solid, though possibly of a more commanding, appearance. In this there is no difficulty, and they seem to be above suspicion. It was a long and melancholy 
vigil, and yet brought with it something of the thrill which the hunter feels when he lies beside the water-pool, and waits for the coming of the thirsty beast of prey. His life depended upon 
my promptness. "Hullo, Herr Professor!  Hullo, young fella!" he shouted as he 
came toward us. "You seem heeled and ready. You want to sell them. I ask you now, 
is such a theory tenable?"  "But what other is there?" cried the banker with a gesture of despair. "  "You must find time for him if you have none for anything else. "I say, look 
at this," said he. "At the same time," Holmes continued, "Lady Eva is not a 
wealthy woman. Presently some luggage was brought out, and after a time Drebber and Stangerson followed it, and drove off. A new-comer, a most 
monstrous animal, was coming down the path. It was a very long street of two-story brick 
houses, neat and prim, with whitened stone steps and little groups of aproned women gossiping at the doors. I'll just send round a note to Mr. "  All that day and the next and the next Holmes was in a mood which his friends would call taciturn, and others morose. "They are disguised hands, except the letter," he said, presently, "but there can be no question as to the authorship. You have come up from the south-west, I see. Yet the roots of growth have been left behind, and when you pass the place a few years hence you can no longer tell where the black scars used to be. It 
rained a little last night. Three years had certainly not smoothed the 
asperities of his temper or his impatience with a less active intelligence than his own. Strange that now 
in its old age this dark business should have cast its shadow upon the venerable walls! And yet those strange, peaked roofs and quaint, overhung gables were a fitting covering to grim and terrible intrigue. We had traversed Streatham, Brixton, Camberwell, and now 
found ourselves in Kennington Lane, having borne away through the side-streets to the east of the Oval. "  "I flatter myself that I have managed it rather neatly," the detective answered proudly. "They live in the caves on the other side of the central lake. That d might be an a, and that l an e. "  "Well, at least," said Holmes, "you have had your revenge upon them. She kept talking of what we should do in our future lives. No sound was heard from the room until eleven-twenty, the hour of the return of Lady Maynooth and her daughter. Presumably he at once concealed his cycle among the laurels where it was found, and possibly lurked there himself, with his eye on the house, waiting for Mr. Douglas to come out. "  "That is so! Mr. "  "His cigar-case, then?"  "Yes, it was in his coat-pocket. You know what woman's instincts are. "  "And you are he who taught me to speak the truth," she cried. They were 
Americans, all right. Now the hubbub has ceased, and Summerlee is coiled up in 
his chair, while Challenger, still fingering the screws of his microscope, is keeping up a continual low, deep, inarticulate growl like the sea after a storm. In all that broad landscape there was no gleam of hope. Their heads were thrown back, their lips compressed, their blood-stained swords poised over their right shoulders, and their left feet thrown out. The wretched Indians screamed with 
terror, but were helpless, run as they would, before the relentless purpose and horrible activity of these monstrous creatures. Free companions and Gascons made up this portion of the army to the number of ten thousand men. The fierce Sir Hugh Calverley, with his yellow mane, and the rugged Sir Robert Knolles, with their war-hardened and veteran companies of English bowmen, headed the long column; while behind them came the turbulent bands of the Bastard of Breteuil, Nandon de Bagerant, one-eyed Camus, Black Ortingo, La Nuit and others whose very names seem to smack of hard hands and ruthless deeds. That can only mean that the rider 
is throwing his weight on to the handle-bar, as a man does when he is sprinting. "  "Did you not investigate?"  "No; the matter passed as unimportant. I had stood for some minutes looking at 
the silent figure in the bed. One dumb-bell, Watson! Consider an athlete with one dumb-bell! Picture to yourself the unilateral development, the imminent danger of a spinal curvature. I venture to trust that we may have 
some future opportunity for the closer study of the carnivorous dinosaurs. "  "Is there no watchman to the building?"  "There is, but he has other departments to look after as well. "There was the 
taking of the sea-rovers, and the holding of the keep against the Jacks. For example, what a fool a builder must be to open a ventilator into another room, when, with the same trouble, he might have communicated with the outside air!"  "That is also quite modern," said the lady. Then he leaned forward, and in the 
intense silence we were aware of the soft lapping of agitated water. They were all indubitably, aggressively alive!  Everybody was alive once more!  Had it all been a delusion?  Was it conceivable that this whole poison belt incident had been an elaborate dream?  For an instant my startled brain was really ready to believe it. The 
openings were about eighty feet above the ground, and were led up to by long stone stairs, so narrow and steep that no large animal could mount them. He was a short man of great breadth of shoulder, with vizor closed, and no blazonry upon his simple white surcoat or plain black shield. "  "Government employ. She's as trim a little thing as any on the river. "  "Is she?" cried Baldwin. Holmes could talk exceedingly well when he chose, and that night he did choose. "I suppose we ought to call the police in 
now," said he. "When your round is a short one you walk, and when it is a long 
one you use a hansom. "  After breakfast we unpacked the bundle in which our leader had brought his climbing accessories. Hopkins's writing shows considerable agitation, and 
he is not an emotional man. Yes, I gather there has been violence, and that the body is left for our inspection. In the deep shadow of the tree there 
was a deeper shadow yet, black, inchoate, vague--a crouching form full of savage vigor and menace. It was not that he felt any emotion akin to love for Irene Adler. No doubt my absence had been noticed. There is no precaution which you have neglected. "  "There are difficulties; there are certainly difficulties," said Sherlock Holmes, pensively. It is true that 'For Mrs. At eleven we shall drive as far as Church Row. "The cunning dog has covered his tracks," said he. "The family was 
at one time among the richest in England, and the estates extended over the borders into Berkshire in the north, and Hampshire in the west. That was this morning. "  "Well, then, everyone is agreed that after the alarm was given only a minute at the most had passed before the whole household--not Mr. Just the 
word, nothing more. A dozen motor-buses towered up like islands in this flood, 
the passengers who crowded the roofs lying all huddled together and across each others' laps like a child's toys in a nursery. I wonder how many real amber 
mouthpieces there are in London? Some people think that a fly in it is a sign. "  "It was well curved, it is true. "  "Sun in your eyes and his face in the shadow?"  "Well, it was evening; but I mind that the lamp was turned on my face. Then he 
rose, lit his pipe, and settled himself down into his chair. "One day, however, I got word that he was dying. Holmes. What 
really counts is your remark that there is some connection between the professor and the crime. They are 
starving me. "They chose us because neither I nor the boy here drink," Lawler explained. That d might be an a, and that l an e. 1. Eh, Watson? Well, come along and put friend Soames out of his pain. "  The unfortunate tutor was certainly in a state of pitiable agitation when we found him in his chambers. "Bide here with me, and I shall warrant you more blows than you are like to get in France. If blows be what you seek, you need not go further than Hordle. It was a dark, handsome, 
clear-cut face which confronted Milverton--a face with a curved nose, strong, dark eyebrows shading hard, glittering eyes, and a straight, thin-lipped mouth set in a dangerous smile. "  "Life brings many a cross," said the Abbot gently. "  "Get quickly out of the room if he seems inclined to be violent. "This grows 
serious," he observed, as we drove to Scotland Yard. Never look rearwards, but always to our glorious goal. Death has been imminent upon us. Save that the elderly man had at the last moment torn out his collar in an effort to breathe, they might all have been asleep. "I'm sure, Watson, a week in the country will 
be invaluable to you," he remarked. "  "The signals?"  "Same as I said in my cable. "  The American did so and then stared at us in astonishment. "  "How did you word your inquiries?"  "We simply detailed the circumstances, and said that we should be glad of any information which could help us. "  "Under the latter heading is included, no doubt, not only those who may have taken him away, but also those who conspire to keep him in his present position?"  "Yes, yes," cried the Duke, impatiently. He has fallen or been chucked from 
the top, and so been impaled. "  "I cannot admire his taste," I remarked, "if it is indeed a fact that he was averse to a marriage with so charming a young lady as this Miss Turner. I waited up for her. "  "American slang is very expressive sometimes. "I guess the very best case I can make for myself is the absolute naked truth. "It is so very kind of you both; but indeed I do not know what I should do. "That is the baboon. I shall be very much surprised if it does not fetch our man. I knew all about this hiding place, so did Ames; but it never entered his head to connect it with the matter. "  "Nor should I, but we are bound to take every possibility into account. " A 
strange figure he seemed to his three squires, perched on his huge horse, with his eyes upturned and the wintry sun shimmering upon his bald head. It seemed to me that her mistress 
allowed her to take great liberties. Hudson with the reality of my condition, since 
she was to convey it to you, and you in turn to him. So it was, my dear Watson, that at two o'clock to-day I found myself in my old armchair in my own old room, and only wishing that I could have seen my old friend Watson in the other chair which he has so often adorned. She lives quietly, sings at 
concerts, drives out at five every day, and returns at seven sharp for dinner. She is a sunbeam in my house--sweet, loving, beautiful, a wonderful manager and housekeeper, yet as tender and quiet and gentle as a woman could be. "'"It's an old acquaintance of mine who has come 
down in the world," said she. When I promised her I would say nothing she kissed me, and I have never seen her since. Now, as I looked up at the same cliffs, I saw discs of light in every direction, ruddy, clearly-defined patches, like the port-holes of a liner in the darkness. Kindly hand me down the letter K of the 'American Encyclopaedia' which stands upon the shelf beside you. "You will 
kindly close the door," said Holmes. "I eat of the best, and I drink deep. "Certes, I should have been in the river now but for you, for I was born in Warwickshire, which is but a dry county, and there are few who swim in those parts. "  "I ask no thanks," Alleyne answered shortly. "  "Bought. "Is that all?" she said. The last had just gone. It would not be very loud, and yet in the 
silence of the night it should have easily penetrated to Mrs. What passion of hatred can it be which leads a man to lurk in such a place at such a time! And what deep and earnest purpose can he have which calls for such a trial! There, in that hut upon the moor, seems to lie the very centre of that problem which has vexed me so sorely. Holmes with trifles of this kind?"  "Well, he asked me for anything outside the ordinary routine. It was a homely 
little room, with a low ceiling and a gaping fireplace, after the fashion of old country-houses. Very good. Yet it 
is not always the burliest and the wildest who are the most to be dreaded. Use it, Bertrand, while you may. "  "Well, well!" said Holmes, shrugging his shoulders. "Exactly. You may have 
heard some rather fatuous remarks of Lord John Roxton's which seemed to imply that there was some--some resemblance----"  "Yes, I heard them. You found out that his niece would inherit his fortune. It would be well that you should doff camail and greaves, Sir Nigel, for, by the black rood! it is like enough that we shall have to swim for it. I dashed from my chair, threw my arms round Holmes, and together we lurched through the door, and an instant afterwards had thrown ourselves down upon the grass plot and were lying side by side, conscious only of the glorious sunshine which was bursting its way through the hellish cloud of terror which had girt us in. "  Holmes shook his head like a man who is far from being satisfied. '"  "Better that than stealing the deer that thou art placed to guard, like some folk I know. Whoever had lost a treasure, I knew that night that I had 
gained one. I fancy that each of us is thinking of friends that have gone before. Suddenly, to my surprise, the three at the 
altar faced round to me, and Godfrey Norton came running as hard as he could towards me. He held a short, metal-headed stick in his hand, and he advanced in so menacing a fashion that I was right glad to feel the revolver in my pocket. The miners were still 
whispering among themselves. The numerous gas-lamps served only to show more clearly a long line of wooden houses, each with its veranda facing the street, unkempt and dirty. There was something so big 
and arresting and virile in the man that the clatter and shouting died gradually away before his commanding gesture and his masterful eyes. It was only too clear that some sudden and terrible disaster had occurred during his absence--a disaster which had embraced them all, and yet had left no traces behind it. It was for me now to hurry on as fast as possible, and so to reassure them. I have shown 
the reader in the beginning of this narrative where lay the springs of my action. Good-bye; it is just 
possible that I may have to come over here again before evening. "  It was obvious to me that my companion's mind was now made up about the case, although what his conclusions were was more than I could even dimly imagine. We shall certainly find some way out of your difficulties. Hush!"  With upraised forefinger and slanting head, he stood listening. Suddenly there came swelling up a deep-voiced, rollicking chorus from somewhere out of the darkness. "Alone of all mankind I saw and foretold this 
catastrophe," said he with a ring of exultation and scientific triumph in his voice. "As to you, my good Summerlee, I trust your last doubts have been resolved as to the meaning of the blurring of the lines in the spectrum and that you will no longer contend that my letter in the Times was based upon a delusion. "  "Good! My friend and I are also ready for emergencies. But as to your own 
researches, if there is any possible way in which I can be of service to you I trust that you will command me. I might at any 
moment be seized and searched, and there would be the stone in my waistcoat pocket. It struck me that the whole proceeding could hardly be for the purpose of making a fool of me, and that the main object must be to get out of the rent. "  "What did you do?"  My flippancy was all gone. Mr. Barker had then hurried off 
to get the police. "I never noticed it before," he said. "Here," said I, pointing to some matches upon the ground, "is where we lit up. "  "Exactly. You did not see anyone else in the room?"  "No, but this horrible man confessed to having been there, and the Lascar was at the foot of the stairs. I am somewhat exhausted; I wonder how a battery feels when it pours electricity into a non-conductor?  At six, Watson, we resume our conversation. "Yes, we should 
have a full day today," he remarked, and he rubbed his hands with the joy of action. Mr. Cunningham, looking out of his bedroom, saw the fellow as he gained the road, but lost sight of him at once. "Thank 
you, I think I have seen all that I wished. "  "Where was it found?"  "In the van of the gipsies who camped on the moor. So when I saw you throw 
down your paper and enter upon a train of thought, I was very happy to have the opportunity of reading it off, and eventually of breaking into it, as a proof that I had been in rapport with you. Beyond lay another dull wilderness of bricks and mortar, its silence broken only by the heavy, regular footfall of the policeman, or the songs and shouts of some belated party of revellers. Looking back, they could see the solitary watcher leaning upon his gun, and knew that they had passed the outlying post of the chosen people, and that freedom lay before them. "Either his whole theory is 
incorrect," I thought to myself, "or else he will be led now to the heart of the mystery. " There was no need for him to ask me to wait up for him, for I felt that sleep was impossible until I heard the result of his adventure. There are at least six words of the message which have escaped us; but what remains--'Stand by us for God's sake!'--proves that this young man saw a formidable danger which approached him, and from which someone else could protect him. "  "There are difficulties; there are certainly difficulties," said Sherlock Holmes, pensively. The natural action of a man in pursuing a little boy would be to run after him. Then I made my way 
to town and called at the Spanish embassy. I've told you all I know myself now, for the rest is mere surmise and conjecture. "  "I hope that I may have the pleasure of introducing you to-night. And no later 
than this morning. "  "And he made you swear to say nothing about your appointment with Sir Charles?"  "He did. "  "The greatest possible. "  "Light-houses, my boy! Beacons of the future! Capsules with hundreds of bright little seeds in each, out of which will spring the wise, better England of the future. "You think a man must be well-to-do if he smokes a 
seven-shilling pipe," said I. You have been walking for some months very near to the edge of a precipice. "  "Then I shall run over to Camberwell and call upon Mrs. "  "You have formed a conclusion?"  "Yes, my dear Watson, I have solved the mystery. "  "Stolen, then. "Your tongue goes like the clapper of a mill-wheel. Sherlock Holmes is a wonderful man, sir," said he, in a husky and confidential voice. He then hailed a cab, and ordered the driver 
to take us to the address given us by Lestrade. "All ready, Samkin?"  "Ready, camarade. Scott Eccles that it may be used against him. "  "Certainly, I will come at once. Stanley Hopkins swore between his teeth, and 
struck his thigh with his clenched hand. The old man lay back in his chair with a twitching face, and stared at her with brooding eyes. I then glanced at 
her face, and, observing the dint of a pince-nez at either side of her nose, I ventured a remark upon short sight and typewriting, which seemed to surprise her. '  "I was, as you may think, Watson, horrified at this unexpected news. '  "'Oh, tut, tut! sweating--rank sweating!' he cried, throwing his fat hands out into the air like a man who is in a boiling passion. 'Nor is it large, but very small,' quoth the Englishman. 'Less large 
than I had thought,' said the other, looking down, for the knight's gaze was heavy upon his eyelids. 'And in every way such a glove as might be worn by the fairest and sweetest lady in England,' quoth the Englishman. 'It may be so,' said the Sieur de Crespigny, turning his face from him. And so you won't cut your hair?'  "'No, sir, I really could not,' I answered firmly. "  "What time did you dine?"  "Half-past seven. I feel that there is reason lurking in you somewhere, so we will patiently grope round for it. "There was a double 
line of tracks of a booted man, and a second double line which I saw with delight belonged to a man with naked feet. And I pray you to bear in mind, Edricson, that he hath two pair of shoes, those of red leather for common use, and the others with golden toe-chains, which he may wear should he chance to drink wine with the Prince or with Chandos. In person he was a thick-set, burly man with a shock of grizzled hair, a brown, weather-beaten face, and blue eyes which were keen to the verge of fierceness. Everything prospered in the strange settlement. Above all, the great temple which they had erected in the centre of the city grew ever taller and larger. George upon the centre of the 
breast. Oh, it was awful to see!  I couldn't stand it, and the doctor was as white as a sheet. "I was a little startled at the nature of the child's amusement, but the father's laughter made me think that perhaps he was joking. " He held out his hand as he spoke, and I noticed that it was all mottled over with similar pieces of plaster, and discoloured with strong acids. "His conduct was certainly not very gracious. His bed had been slept in. I am sure that his top-hat, had I ever ventured to don it, 
would have slipped over me entirely and rested on my shoulders. "  "A falcon or an eagle, quotha? And pied, that is of two several colors. "I'm 
sure I congratulate you both with all my heart. "Dear me!" said I. "Well, if there 
is nothing to be learned here, we had best go inside. Things are going to happen in this valley. "  McMurdo, who had been watching his companion very narrowly, relaxed somewhat in his bearing. "  "And you refused it?"  "Sure. She will not be up, so that we shall have a clear field. What was she to do? She could not go back. "  "My defence?"  "Yes, sir. At eight in the morning, he came into my room just as I finished my toilet. "Well, to come 
to an end of the matter, Mr. I alluded merely to the trend of modern thought and the general scientific point of view, if I might so express it. He sprang to 
his feet and gave me a hand to rise, while Challenger picked up his wife and laid her on the settee. Pray consider 
yourself definitely engaged. I have given you all the facts. "  We moved cautiously along the track as if we were bound for the house, but Holmes halted us when we were about two hundred yards from it. Once Lord John passed across his newspaper, upon the margin of which he had written in pencil, "Poor devil!  Mad as a hatter. He admitted that there was 
something, and that it was concerned with his official life. "Hullo, mate!" said he. He roared 
with amusement when he saw the oxygen cylinders upon the porter's trolly behind us. What could it be, once more? I could think of nothing save that he was running a tunnel to some other building. "  "Or had escaped. "Once already his life has been attempted, but some evil spirit shielded him. Now, again, it is the noble, chivalrous Garcia who has fallen, while the monster goes safe. A few extracts from the latter will carry me on to those scenes which are indelibly fixed in every detail upon my memory. Eduardo 
Lucas, who met his death by violence last Monday night at Godolphin Street, Westminster. Mr. Carruthers was a widower, but he had engaged a lady housekeeper, a very respectable, elderly person, called Mrs. Dixon, to look after his establishment. The child was a dear, and everything promised well. Now, how can that be unless it were by a left-handed man? He had stood behind that tree during the interview between the father and son. You're big enough to look after yourself. You'll look silly, some o' these days, when someone comes along an' sneaks the honey. Put your head up agin me like that, 
and then you'll feel bullier. "  "And be ready to get the toe-end of the editorial boot in return," said Lord John. But I happen to know that Dr. Holmes, you may do a great service if you would enlighten me on one point. He is taller than the Indian, not so tall as Gilchrist. His head had been smashed to pulp by heavy 
blows of a sandbag or some such instrument, which had crushed rather than wounded. Athelney Jones proved 
to be a sociable soul in his hours of relaxation, and faced his dinner with the air of a bon vivant. Very different was he, however, from the brusque and masterful professor of common sense who had taken over the case so confidently at Upper Norwood. Barrymore to be 
delivered into his own hand. She is a heavy, solid person, very limited, intensely respectable, and inclined to be puritanical. They pushed 
her into the carriage. "Number one--a French feather-bed with the two 
counter-panes of white sendall," said he. Put it down by the other. It ain't easy to talk when your 
lips is like leather, but I guess I'd best let you know how the cards lie. "  "Can you give us any idea how long your husband had been downstairs before you heard the shot?"  "No, I cannot say. "To-morrow it will be but a dreadful memory. With my hair cut and a few other superficial changes I shall no doubt reappear at Claridge's to-morrow as I was before this American stunt--I beg your pardon, Watson, my well of English seems to be permanently defiled--before this American job came my way. "Why should we 
not seize him at once?"  "Our case is not complete. "Come out into the sunshine!"  "No, thank you, Joseph. Take this note as hard as you can ride to Farnham. "  "'"Only a week, sir?" he cried, in a despairing voice. "Yes, I have ridden 
much at the abbey. "I really do not feel equal to giving directions. "  "It would be shame to the good brothers of Beaulieu if I could not," he answered, "seeing that I have been their clerk this ten years back. The 
worn-out bodily machine can't record its impression, but we know the mental pleasure which lies in a dream or a trance. A minute later the bailiff and four of his men rode past him on their journey back to Southampton, the other two having been chosen as grave-diggers. He introduced himself as Inspector 
Martin, of the Norfolk Constabulary, and he was considerably astonished when he heard the name of my companion. A subtle change had come over him. It is the centre for a considerable area of country, since Tunbridge Wells, the nearest place of importance, is ten or twelve miles to the eastward, over the borders of Kent. The printed messages, as is now evident, were to prevent her sex being discovered by her writing. Which of 
them, then, had access to that dish without the maid seeing them?  "Before deciding that question I had grasped the significance of the silence of the dog, for one true inference invariably suggests others. The old farmer followed them to the door. "  "That is all very clear," said Holmes. "  "Well, then hop. Twenty more paces, my treasure! Ah, my God! how they push and brawl! Get in their way, Tita mia! Put your little elbow bravely out! Set your shoulders squarely against them, girl! Why should you give way to these mad islanders? Ah, cospetto! we are ruined and destroyed!"  The crowd had thickened in front, so that the lame man and the girl had come to a stand. Several half-drunken English archers, attracted, as the squires had been, by their singular appearance, were facing towards them, and peering at them through the dim light. It was during these fruitless 
quests that he, or rather his ally, was seen by peasants, and that the legend of the demon dog received a new confirmation. There was nothing for it, however, but implicit obedience; so we bade good-bye to our rueful friend, and a couple of hours afterwards we were at the station of Coombe Tracey and had dispatched the trap upon its return journey. Wait in 
patience. "There is Laura Lyons--her initials are L. I shall be back anon, mon ange. It was 
thick fog, and one could not see three yards. The head was badly crushed--an injury which might 
well have been caused by a fall from the train. All that makes a fair night's work. I've seen that room of a morning--well, sir, you'd have thought it was a London fog. Report to me if anything fresh occurs, and rely upon my assistance if it should be needed. "There are certainly some points of interest in this case, Watson," 
he remarked when the landlady had left us. "  "Oh, indeed!" said my friend, blowing blue rings into the air. "  "Is there any other opening?"  "None. "  "Then dress. Sterndale recovered his ruffled composure. On the outside was 
written "Radix pedis diaboli" with a red poison label beneath it. "  "I could take a note back. "From Spain, say you? Ah! it was an ill and sorry 
thing that so many should throw away the lives that Heaven gave them. Ten steps with each foot 
took me along parallel with the wall of the house, and again I marked my spot with a peg. There were seven in the pocket of Cadogan West. Look at this!"  He took a small piece of torn paper from a note-book and spread it out upon his knee. You see it marked here in the map. "  "You were told, no doubt. One was Theophilus Johnson and family, of Newcastle; 
the other Mrs. In its shade we continued our discussion, while Lord John, who had quickly taken command in the hour of action, gave us his views. "  "All very well, Roger Harcomb," cried a burly, bull-necked young man, whose square shoulders and massive limbs told of exceptional personal strength. Paul! it seemed strange to my eye when I wrote it," said Sir Nigel. Our blood is very old. The rope, of course, is far too short that we could descend by it. There followed several pages which were filled 
with small sketches of Indians and their ways. I rode back, but again saw nothing of the carriage, and now, as you perceive, it has returned after me. Half an hour later, the porter tells me that a rough-looking man with a beard called with a note for Godfrey. A moment later they were on the downward slope, and she had vanished from their view. ' That is all. It is very natural that the pledge of 
secrecy which we have exacted from you should have aroused your curiosity. I had no part in 
it, sir. You will not wonder, Watson, that my first act on entering your rooms was to close your shutters, and that I have been compelled to ask your permission to leave the house by some less conspicuous exit than the front door. I'll open the door for him, show him into the parlour beside the door, and leave him there while I get the papers. How long will it be first?"  "I don't know--not very long. Be the answer what it might, I should at least have something to report to Sherlock Holmes. "  A buzz of delight burst from the archers, as they broke their ranks and ran hither and thither, whooping and cheering like boys who have news of a holiday. "He has given his consent, provided we get these mines working all right. Come in!"  The man who entered was a sturdy, middle-sized fellow, some thirty years of age, clean-shaven, and sallow-skinned, with a bland, insinuating manner, and a pair of wonderfully sharp and penetrating grey eyes. Now, Aylward, crane thy neck and see what would have 
been deemed an old wife's tale when we first turned our faces to the wars. In the first place, I may tell you that Moriarty rules with a rod of iron over his people. It was all done so swiftly and deftly that the fellow was helpless before he knew that he was attacked. Inquiries have shown that 
his Ministers know nothing of the matter. At the same time it is couched in so 
unfortunate a manner, and certain phrases in it are of so provocative a character, that its publication would undoubtedly lead to a most dangerous state of feeling in this country. All this Alleyne examined with curious eyes; but most interesting of all to him was a small ebony table at his very side, on which, by the side of a chess-board and the scattered chessmen, there lay an open manuscript written in a right clerkly hand, and set forth with brave flourishes and devices along the margins. I knew that he was staying at Halliday's Private Hotel, and I hung about all day, but he never came out. What do you think of my theory?"  "It is all surmise. As it was I told him that my feelings towards his sister 
were such as I was not ashamed of, and that I hoped that she might honour me by becoming my wife. The neck was drawn out like a plucked chicken's, making the rest of him seem the more obese and unnatural by the contrast. That was the kind of man I mean. Seeing the hook, however they naturally saved themselves the trouble. 
The two who were on either side of Alleyne bent their bows as calmly as though they were shooting at the popinjay at the village fair. By the way, Lord John, I called you a coxcomb just now, which was perhaps unduly severe. Paul! 
we have had great joys in France. But what is this among the trees?"  "It is a shrine of Our Lady," said Terlake, "and a blind beggar who lives by the alms of those who worship there. I think we'll shut that window again, if you don't mind. McCarthy threatened. The game-keeper adds that within a few minutes of his seeing Mr. '  "'What power had he, then?'  "'Ah, that is what I would give so much to know. '  "This concluded the examination of the witness. '  "'You're only wasting your time, sir, and every minute now is of importance,' cried the commissionnaire; 'take my word for it that my old woman has nothing to do with it, and come down to the other end of the street. But he merely drew out a memorandum-book in which he had scribbled some dates. "  There was little fight left in the peasants, however, still dazed by the explosion, amazed at their own losses and disheartened by the arrival of the disciplined archers. "I appreciate their importance. Holmes. My overstrung nerves failed me suddenly, and I turned and ran--ran as though some dreadful hand were behind me clutching at the skirt of my dress. "'Tell me,' I asked, 'did your butler ever ask you such a 
question?'  "Reginald Musgrave looked at me in astonishment. "'Well,' said he, showing me 
the advertisement, 'you can see for yourself that the League has a vacancy, and there is the address where you should apply for particulars. As far as I can make out, the League was founded by an American millionaire, Ezekiah Hopkins, who was very peculiar in his ways. "Data! data! data!" he cried impatiently. "I can't make bricks without clay. You are Holmes, the meddler. I 
then passed through Persia, looked in at Mecca, and paid a short but interesting visit to the Khalifa at Khartoum the results of which I have communicated to the Foreign Office. "  "Then, good archer, I am right glad to welcome you to Twynham Castle, and in the steward's room you will find provant for yourself and comrades. "  "And when I raise my hand--so--you will throw into the room what I give you to throw, and will, at the same time, raise the cry of fire. "Amen and amen! But thou art a pretty lad, and the prettier for thy modest ways. It is easy to see from thy cheek that thou hast not spent thy days in the rain and the heat and the wind, as my poor Wat hath been forced to do. "  "Halloa!" I cried. The bar was still crowded with revellers, and many of the 
brethren remained there. She was of Welsh blood, fiery and passionate. "'Why, if it isn't Mr. I shall want you to help me to my 
freedom, and to help my three companions to theirs. I am six feet high, and I could do it 
with an effort. There was a long pause which showed that he had stopped. "  "And an exceedingly interesting case it appears to be. The official, a smart, 
keen-faced young fellow, stepped into the room. Were it mixed with any ordinary 
dish the eater would undoubtedly detect it, and would probably eat no more. "Half dazed, I went into the station and 
asked about the morning train. There would be one to Reading in less than an hour. "  "But James knew nothing of that. "Mr. Treasurer," he asked, "may I ask who has bought the property of this man that we have driven out of the district?"  "Yes, Brother Morris. It has been bought by the State & Merton County Railroad Company. If a man drew up a will which he did not intend ever to be effective, he might do it so. But why do you pluck my sleeve, Alleyne?"  "If it please you, my fair lord, there are in this corner two great tubes of iron, with many heavy balls, which may perchance be those bombards and shot of which I have heard. Here is the first heading upon which I come. "  He tossed over, as he spoke, a crumpled sheet of foreign notepaper. But it was a weary day for me. 
As to his relations with women, they appeared to have been promiscuous but superficial. It seemed to 
the young Englishman that he had never seen so hideous a face, for the eyes were of the lightest green, the nose was broken and driven inwards, while the whole countenance was seared and puckered with wounds. Rain had fallen on the night before and we examined the lawn and the paths all round the house, but in vain. Matters were in this state, when a new development quite drew our attention away from the original mystery. "'For two days Rachel Howells 
had been so ill, sometimes delirious, sometimes hysterical, that a nurse had been employed to sit up with her at night. On the third night after Brunton's disappearance, the nurse, finding her patient sleeping nicely, had dropped into a nap in the arm-chair, when she woke in the early morning to find the bed empty, the window open, and no signs of the invalid. A strangely opposed pair they 
appeared as they approached each other: Tranter dark and stout and stiff, with hairy chest and corded arms, Alleyne a model of comeliness and grace, with his golden hair and his skin as fair as a woman's. "It has been in some points a singular case," said 
Holmes, flicking the horse on into a gallop. "  "Tell me about last night. "But you have a good dossier there already. Don't 
you think we ought to pray, George?"  "You will pray, dear, if you wish," the big man answered, very gently. I have frequently gained my first real insight into the character of parents by studying their children. Then I walked home. Between and around 
these scattered points extends the desolate, lifeless moor. Five big corporations and the two 
railroads have taken the thing up in dead earnest. Twice I have paid toll to the wardens of the road. I think that if anyone could have drawn him into the right path it would have been she, and that his marriage might have changed his whole life; but now, alas! it is too late--forever too late!  "Now, Mr. "  The Premier sprang to his feet with that quick, fierce gleam of his deep-set eyes before which a Cabinet has cowered. I imagine that you saw all that I did. Good-bye. I shall drop you a line before I leave. I believed that if I had an interview I could gain his help, so I asked him to meet me. "  We sat in silence for a moment. We are held here with no clear means of making 
our escape, and bitterly we chafe against it. The word is 'that. Between the wharf and the 
bedroom window is a narrow strip, which is dry at low tide but is covered at high tide with at least four and a half feet of water. Ordering my cab to 
wait, I passed down the steps, worn hollow in the centre by the ceaseless tread of drunken feet; and by the light of a flickering oil-lamp above the door I found the latch and made my way into a long, low room, thick and heavy with the brown opium smoke, and terraced with wooden berths, like the forecastle of an emigrant ship. Through the gloom one could dimly catch a 
glimpse of bodies lying in strange fantastic poses, bowed shoulders, bent knees, heads thrown back, and chins pointing upward, with here and there a dark, lack-lustre eye turned upon the newcomer. The latter had not been 
raised. But there were ample signs that I had not come upon a false scent. '  "As he spoke he opened a door and showed the way into a room which appeared to be very richly furnished, but again the only light was afforded by a single lamp half-turned down. 'I've had a nasty facer myself, 
but--'  That was all I could hear, but it was enough to set me thinking. "A couple of days later Major Sholto was 
strolling on the beach: so I took the chance of speaking to him. Only yesterday I saw one of the moor ponies wander into it. The greater part of it was charred to pieces, but one little slip, the end of a page, hung together, and the writing could still be read, though it was gray on a black ground. These two people are presumably dead, or we should 
have heard their story before now. The other man--"  "Ah! the other man--?" asked Athelney Jones, in a sneering voice, but impressed none the less, as I could easily see, by the precision of the other's manner. From over a distant rise there floated a gray plume of smoke. An instant later a gray-haired man rushed out on the landing. It was a dull gray landscape, and as I gradually deciphered the details of it I realized that it represented a long and enormously high line of cliffs exactly like an immense cataract seen in the distance, with a sloping, tree-clad plain in the foreground. "  "That is of enormous importance," said Holmes, making a note upon his shirt-cuff. "There is a bonne amie! English land and English women, say I, and French wine and French plunder. "When you entered the room there was only a candle lighted on the table, was there not?"  "Yes, that was so. You are bound to leave something to the intelligence of your correspondent. You are too timid in drawing your inferences. It would be well that you should doff camail and greaves, Sir Nigel, for, by the black rood! it is like enough that we shall have to swim for it. One's first impression is that they are entirely soft. Then one comes suddenly upon something very hard, and you know that you have reached the limit and must adapt yourself to the fact. Its disappearance, however, was but 
momentary. It appeared to be omniscient and omnipotent, and yet was neither seen nor heard. Until then good-bye and good luck!"  Sherlock Holmes and I walked together to the High Street, where we stopped at the shop of Harding Brothers, whence the bust had been purchased. Of course they might soon get over the difficulty. Sir Oliver Buttesthorn, Sir Richard Causton, Sir Simon Burley, Black Simon, Johnston, a hundred and fifty archers, and forty-seven men-at-arms had fallen, while the pitiless hail of stones was already whizzing and piping once more about their ears, threatening every instant to further reduce their numbers. "They tell me, 
bowmen," said he, "that ye have grown so fond of ease and plunder and high living that ye are not to be moved from this pleasant country. If you put it that Mrs. "  "You need not be uneasy. It was clear that he thought that our night's work might be a serious one. Au 
revoir, then. "  "Au revoir," said our visitor, and, with a bright, kindly glance from one to the other of us, she replaced her pearl-box in her bosom and hurried away. There was, however, no trace of exultation or satisfaction upon his face. The features were set, however, in a horrible smile, a fixed and unnatural grin, which in that still and moonlit room was more jarring to the nerves than any scowl or contortion. This grew louder as I proceeded, until at 
last it was clearly quite close to me. We must have a look at it. Problems may be solved in the study which have baffled all those who have sought a solution by the aid of their senses. To carry the art, however, to its highest pitch, it is necessary that the reasoner should be able to utilise all the facts which have come to his knowledge; and this in itself implies, as you will readily see, a possession of all knowledge, which, even in these days of free education and encyclopaedias, is a somewhat rare accomplishment. Evil indeed is the man who 
has not one woman to mourn him. "I've been moping in the house all day since Watson went off in the morning," said the baronet. Holmes," said he. "Well, maybe a wee nip would 
keep out the raw morning chill. His reverence is our own homemade article. Giant as he was, the man must have gone down like a pole-axed ox before that terrific blow. Beside his right hand a most formidable horn-handled, two-edged dagger lay upon the floor, and near it a black kid glove. Holmes examined both it and the 
indescribable wreck which it had wrought. It was not until we had consumed some hot tea at the station and taken our places in the Kentish train that we were sufficiently thawed, he to speak and I to listen. This strange find was all that we could get from the mere, and, although we made every possible search and inquiry yesterday, we know nothing of the fate either of Rachel Howells or of Richard Brunton. I have spoken with this 
policeman to-night and he appears to me to be a perfectly reliable person. Hence things which have perplexed you and 
made the case more obscure, have served to enlighten me and to strengthen my conclusions. We have 
shaken off some of that horrible insect life which is the bane of tropical travel. We are aware that 
you went down to the office in the fog on Monday night, but that you were seen and followed by young Cadogan West, who had probably some previous reason to suspect you. It might be a satisfaction to his Majesty to regain it with his own hands. "Holmes," I cried, "you are too late. "  He had recovered his self-possession in an instant. What was he, then? If he 
was in the hospital and yet not on the staff he could only have been a house-surgeon or a house-physician--little more than a senior student. "I thought I heard it ere we went down, and now I hear it again. Among these are the family of a retired brewer called Melville, living at Abermarle Mansion, Kensington. Then he 
suddenly rolled them all into a gigantic ball and tossed them up onto the rack. He was doing something in the 
cellar--something which took many hours a day for months on end. I fell upon him, and as I held him my comrade blew a shrill call upon a whistle. That night I made up 
the packet for Sarah Cushing, and next day I sent it from Belfast. There's no vice in him. "  The remark had a singular effect upon his companion. "That is the great 
Grimpen Mire," said he. "So too can brother Porphyry, who was with me, and brother Mark of the Spicarium, who hath been so much stirred and inwardly troubled by the sight that he now lies in a fever through it. "It is indeed deplorable. "  "Oh, come, we must play the game accordin' to rules," said Lord John. "Had He 
wished help," he said, "He could have summoned legions of archangels from heaven, so what need had He of your poor bow and arrow? Besides, bethink you of His own words--that those who live by the sword shall perish by the sword. "If the public funds be, indeed, so backward, Sir William, there is still, I trust, my own private credit, which hath never been drawn upon for my own uses, but is now ready in the cause of a friend in adversity. It's dooced 
interestin', and no mistake about that. Shall I read it, Mr. "  "I'll join you in a walk, with pleasure," said his companion. Trevelyan's, who has, for his own purposes, been in Blessington's rooms?"  I saw in the gaslight that Holmes wore an amused smile at this brilliant departure of mine. "My dear fellow," said he, "it was one of the first 
solutions which occurred to me, but I was soon able to corroborate the doctor's tale. If our 
door were in the hands of the Sepoys the place must fall, and the women and children be treated as they were in Cawnpore. One word as to the fate of the 
London pterodactyl. I dressed hurriedly, for I knew by experience that railway cases were seldom trivial, and hastened downstairs. I had two tubes of the gas and 
you have brought me three more. There lies our one and only hope. But I could not afford to fail. On the one hand, the traitor is dead. "Someone else?" he would cry. Whoever it was has failed to 
make his way in. But why should any criminal wish to ring the bell? It is a most insoluble mystery. Mind you, she is a truthful woman, Mr. Holmes, and 
whatever trouble there may have been in her past life it has been no fault of hers. 'Let it be Watson, then,' said he. '  "'I can promise you the one, but not the other,' he snarled, and so turned his rounded back upon me, and went peering and blinking out of the room. 'May I ask who it was who gave me so good a character?'  "'Well, perhaps it is better that I should not tell you that just at this moment. I have it from the same source that you are both an orphan and a bachelor and are residing alone in London. "  "By Gar!" McGinty flushed an angry red and then burst into a roar of laughter. The pen has spluttered twice in a single word and has run dry three times in a short address, showing that there was very little ink in the bottle. The man who wrote it could not have taken it; otherwise, of course, he might have delivered his own message by word of mouth. Never was a man so compassed round with death. Chapter 6--Danger    It was the height of the reign of terror. HOW THE BOWMEN HELD WASSAIL AT THE 
"ROSE DE GUIENNE. Sherlock Holmes?"  Holmes clapped his hands approvingly. I had just time to get up to town by the night train to see him this morning, and to bring you both back with me to Birmingham. "  "Good gracious!"  "So you'd say, sir, if you could see some of the goings on. I remember that 
the white one was worn to a stump. He laughed at my expression of dismay and laid it upon the table. "I have seen the will of the deceased 
wife," said he. For example, there was that note which arrived during dinner. In one place he gathered up very carefully a little pile of grey dust from the floor, and packed it away in an envelope. A skeleton with a tangle of brown hair 
adhering to it lay among the debris. I came up even as the seneschal's archers were tying him up, and I gave him my fore-word that I would bide with him until he had passed. "  "A good twenty miles," said I. "These are the levies of France, for I can see the ensigns of the Marshal d'Andreghen, with that of the Lord of Antoing and of Briseuil, and of many another from Brittany and Anjou. "  "Ah, canaille!" cried the Lord of Villefranche. But the lower edge of the sun 
is wet, and it will be beneath the sea ere long. I can't understand a spry man of the union finding no work to do in Chicago. As Challenger climbed to safety 
one dart of that savage curving beak shore off the heel of his boot as if it had been cut with a chisel. Challenger breathed two or three times with enormous gulps, his lungs roaring as he drew in the vital gas. The only chance was to get the guns and try a rescue. I saw the 
young occupant step out from it. "  The unknown knight had sat like a statue of steel, looking neither to the right nor to the left during these preliminaries. Pray proceed. "  "My name is Doctor Percy Trevelyan," said our visitor, "and I live at 403 Brook Street. I went down to the Albert Dock and found that she had been taken down the river by the early tide this morning, homeward bound to Savannah. "  "Then, pray consult," said Holmes, shutting his eyes once more. "Canst thou so? Hast forgotten that the five-and-thirtieth rule of the order is that in the presence of a woman the face should be ever averted and the eyes cast down? Hast forgot it, I say? If your eyes were upon your sandals, how came ye to see this smile of which ye prate? A week in your cells, false brethren, a week of rye-bread and lentils, with double lauds and double matins, may help ye to remembrance of the laws under which ye live. "  At this sudden outflame of wrath the two witnesses sank their faces on to their chests, and sat as men crushed. As we made our way to the hospital 
after leaving the Holborn, Stamford gave me a few more particulars about the gentleman whom I proposed to take as a fellow-lodger. "That's the window," said White Mason, "that one on 
the immediate right of the drawbridge. I generally have chemicals about, and occasionally do experiments. I can hardly claim to take serious notice of anything that I can see with my naked eye. "  At London Bridge, Holmes wrote a telegram to his brother, which he handed to me before dispatching it. I rushed forward, fell down, clapped my 
hand to my face, and became a piteous spectacle. Holmes. I'll pledge my word there 
was no mark on it yesterday. Sorry to see that you've had the British workman in the house. He's a token of evil. The farmers about here don't like it, sir, and that's a fact. But there was 
something in the ice-cold reasoning of Holmes which made it impossible to shrink from any adventure which he might recommend. Of all 
the ape-men who had rushed out into the open, I do not think that one got back to cover. He stood 
irresolute, uncertain whether to advance or to take no notice; but, even as he hesitated, the mirror was whipped in, and a tall and stately young lady swept out from behind the oaken screen, with a dancing light of mischief in her eyes. But the other end is not 
frayed. A dank, cold air comes out from the black arch before them. Poor Victor was a dead man on the fourth day--a strong, hearty young fellow. And then I thought 
of that other one--the face in the cab, the figure against the moon. Well, well, the point is a minor one, and when you have Randall you will probably find no difficulty in securing his accomplice. "  "Have you no remembrance of anything remarkable as you came up the hill?"  "Well, I seem to recollect that I was mighty sleepy once. "Don't let us have 
any more such goings-on," said he. Detective! I am all the family that this young man has got, and I tell you that I am not responsible. If he has any expectations it is due to the fact that I have never wasted money, and I do not propose to begin to do so now. That's 
enough for me and you. Malone. Now, off you run, and see what you can make of 
him. He had bounded across the room and had wrenched a small phial from her hand. I saw him out of the window, but I am 
glad to say I did not meet him. Come on, Watson. "  "But the wager?"  "I have nought to wager. I was standing by the door, and he with his back 
turned at that table. I've been checkmated in London. "  Von Bork sprang to his feet. She has her freedom. Fowler at a friend's house. "  "That was it, sir. "What could he have done single-handed against a man in the prime of life?"  "He is a cripple in the sense that he walks with a limp; but in other respects he appears to be a powerful and well-nurtured man. "Well, let's 
hear about it," said Lord John with a good-humoured smile. Luke's. Can you do without breakfast?"  "Certainly. "  "Man, man," cried Sir Oliver, "your mind still runs on nought but blades and bassinets. "  "None of those which come to me are. No doubt you will go to the prison to see James. Well, you shall hear from me to-morrow. 
The whole group of us were covered for an instant by a canopy of leathery wings, and I had a momentary vision of a long, snake-like neck, a fierce, red, greedy eye, and a great snapping beak, filled, to my amazement, with little, gleaming teeth. A coachman and two maids 
form the staff of servants. "  "One moment," I asked. "  "No. "  "Then I answer, certainly not. Did you happen to observe a picture over the 
professor's head?"  "I don't miss much, Mr. "You must hear me. "  "That is the exact situation. Sidney Johnson. He is a man of forty, married, with five children. Into this he rushed, regardless of thorns, 
and threw himself into the heart of it, pulling me down by his side. Soon the flaccid 
organ began to slowly expand and show such a tendency to upward movements that Challenger fastened the cords which held it to the trunks of the surrounding trees. The air above it 
was shimmering with heat, and the ground round was so hot that I could hardly bear to lay my hand on it. Sherlock Holmes, for solution during the 
years of our intimacy, there were only two which I was the means of introducing to his notice--that of Mr. The stout young man had left us, but his sister still remained with her hand in that of the invalid. "  "Dear me, Hopkins! That is certainly rather against your theory that they committed a murder in Kent last night. "  "And you too. Cornelius," said Holmes. The little man started, and turned his 
malignant eyes upon my friend. He would know that he could overtake him. He sat down by the roadside to partake of his bread and cheese, and then with a lighter scrip he hastened upon his way. "This way!" we heard him say, and a moment later our man stood before us. It is strange that 
in one twelve hours the Abbey should have cast off its foulest weed and should now lose what we are fain to look upon as our choicest blossom. A vulgar flaring paper adorned the 
walls, but it was blotched in places with mildew, and here and there great strips had become detached and hung down, exposing the yellow plaster beneath. Mounted 
upon a horse as large, as black, and as forbidding as himself, he cantered slowly forward, with none of those prancings and gambades with which a cavalier was accustomed to show his command over his charger. Gravely and sternly he inclined his head to the prince, and took his place at the further end of the arena. He had scarce done so before 
Sir Nigel rode out from the holders' enclosure, and galloping at full speed down the lists, drew his charger up before the prince's stand with a jerk which threw it back upon its haunches. His complexion was as swarthy as that of an Italian, and his eyes were of a strange dead black, which, combined with a slight squint, gave them a particularly sinister appearance. As he came slouching across the lawn I heard Mr. If her 
master had a visitor he had himself admitted him. "  "You mean well, Watson," said the sick man with something between a sob and a groan. "That is well!  That is well!" said he. "So too can brother 
Porphyry, who was with me, and brother Mark of the Spicarium, who hath been so much stirred and inwardly troubled by the sight that he now lies in a fever through it. "  "Your secretary?"  "No, sir, my son. We have certainly been favoured with extraordinary luck during this inquiry, and it will be entirely our own fault if we do not succeed in clearing the matter up. We looked back on it now, the slanting rays of a low sun turning the streams to threads of gold and glowing on the red earth new turned by the plough and the broad tangle of the woodlands. '  "The rain was still falling steadily, for it was just the beginning of the wet season. It may well have been cause and effect. Hullo, what is this?"  The double track turned sharp off and took the direction of King's Pyland. Holmes whistled, and we both followed along after it. Up above us was 
the lighted window. In the early dawn I woke with a start, and was surprised to 
find him standing by my bedside, clad in a rude sailor dress with a pea-jacket, and a coarse red scarf round his neck. Melas, having used some other one 
before. If you deal fair with us you'll not regret it, but if you try any tricks, God help you!' He spoke in a nervous, jerky fashion, and with little giggling laughs in between, but somehow he impressed me with fear more than the other. That's enough for me and you. And 
now, Watson, if you can endure the draught from a broken window, I think that half an hour in my study over a cigar may afford you some profitable amusement. One other neighbour I have met since I 
wrote last. "My name is John Ferrier," the wanderer explained; "me and that 
little un are all that's left o' twenty-one people. "I am compelled to be a 
valetudinarian. Of the two pills in that box one was of the most deadly poison, and the other was entirely harmless. The first difficulty which we had 
to contend with was the finding of this American's antecedents. Jewelry usually descends 
to the eldest son, and he is most likely to have the same name as the father. Your 
father has, if I remember right, been dead many years. There was something that 
touched me as I read this letter, something pitiable in the reiterated appeals to bring Holmes. They were all three standing in a knot in front of the altar. How many had I? Three--two and one are three--two of Dr. For two days the yellow cog ran swiftly before a 
northeasterly wind, and on the dawn of the third the high land of Ushant lay like a mist upon the shimmering sky-line. "What are you going to do now, Mr. "We've laid the family ghost once and forever. "You've pulled us all out of the jaws of death. "It's all so beautiful and natural until this kind of thing comes in!  It is such a pity!  Why can't you control yourself?"  "I didn't invent it," I pleaded. "I guess you'd best reckon on my hearing all 
that passes. "I have also had a rumble through the Ragged Shaw. My doctor says it is a question whether I 
shall live a month. My own complete happiness, and the home-centred interests which rise up around the man who first finds himself master of his own establishment, were sufficient to absorb all my attention, while Holmes, who loathed every form of society with his whole Bohemian soul, remained in our lodgings in Baker Street, buried among his old books, and alternating from week to week between cocaine and ambition, the drowsiness of the drug, and the fierce energy of his own keen nature. Holmes was seated at his 
side-table clad in his dressing-gown, and working hard over a chemical investigation. He was quiet in his ways, and his habits were regular. "Your mistress, I fear, is ill, 
Agatha," he said to the tire-woman, when the Lady Maude had sought her chamber. "Patrick Cairns. "  "Harpooner?"  "Yes, sir. Should it miscarry, you are undone. Then I saw him scribble on a piece of paper, and I knew that he was writing me a note. "Now, if I could have done this 
without the knowledge of Professor Moriarty, all would have been well. "Look at that!" he said, triumphantly. 
"What do you make of it?"  He held up his candle before an extraordinary object which stood at the back of the dresser. I've seen death as often as most folk, but universal death--it's awful!"  "As to the laughter," said Challenger, "you will bear in mind that, like yourselves, I have not been exempt from the stimulating cerebral effects of the etheric poison. "  "Signals?"  "Yes, from that window. "Pardieu! yes. Now they ride forth from the shadow. 
"If the launch is above water they will find her," said Holmes, as he rose from the table and lit his pipe. But don't you dare to breathe the name of Jack McGinty in connection with it, stranger; for every whisper goes back to him, and he is not one that is likely to let it pass. From then 
onwards he had hunted by sight, for the path showed him where I had gone. The most elaborate charts would, as you 
will readily admit, be a poor substitute for my own intelligence and advice. 

"They had gone a mile or two when they passed one of the 

night shepherds upon the moorlands, and they cried to 

him to know if he had seen the hunt. "Well sung, by my hilt!" shouted the 
archer in high delight. However, we will suppose that they are an extraordinarily astute couple, who deceive everyone upon this point, and conspire to murder the husband. I rejoice, however, to perceive that he wrote with a broad-pointed quill pen, and I can hardly doubt that we will find some impression upon this blotting-pad. I was not sure whether he had seen what was only too obvious from my position, that the door of the safe was imperfectly closed, and that Milverton might at any moment observe it. Stapleton would not 
let it go unless he had reason to think that Sir Henry would be there. Mrs. Burston, for 
that was her name, was an aged widow, whose whole income depended upon a small holding of this stock. Her life had been regulated by the rise and fall of the dividend, and she could form no conception of existence save as it was affected by the quotation of her shares. "Well," said Milverton, "you made me 
lose a good night's rest, my dear. "You did not write this?" I said, pulling 
the letter from my pocket. "What do you mean by 'appears'? You know it as a 
fact. "  "And there's nothin' left to shoot, and no more soldierin', so there's an end of mine," said Lord John. Then she was gone. Between and around these scattered points extends the desolate, lifeless moor. But I could not rest, Watson, I 
could not sit quiet in my chair, if I thought that such a man as Professor Moriarty were walking the streets of London unchallenged. Simon and his wedding?"  "Oh, yes, with the deepest interest. "What will the Duke say," he murmured, 
"when he hears that one of the family has been subjected to such humiliation?"  "It is the purest accident. "I will confess to my crime. "No, young fellah my 
lad, there is no use deceiving yourself. "  "Well, either that boot comes back before sundown or I'll see the manager and tell him that I go right straight out of this hotel. It may have 
been his guilty conscience, it may have been the reputation of the Pinkerton organization, it may have been the knowledge that great, rich corporations had set themselves the task of clearing out the Scowrers; but, whatever his reason, his actions were those of a man who is preparing for the worst. Here and there one hears a question. The ground was 
wet, the rocks dripping, the grass and ever-greens sparkling with beads of moisture; yet the camp was loud with laughter and merriment, for a messenger had ridden in from the prince with words of heart-stirring praise for what they had done, and with orders that they should still abide in the forefront of the army. When she had vanished 
from his sight, he realized that a crisis had come in his life, and that neither silver speculations nor any other questions could ever be of such importance to him as this new and all-absorbing one. Not only was it an opening into the 
rock, but on the side of it there was marked once again the sign of the arrow. Long time he stood, half 
hoping that she might again come back to him; but the thud of the hoofs had died away, and there was no sound in all the woods but the gentle rustle and dropping of the leaves. Scarce had the last deep "amen" broken from the Company, when, in an instant, there rose the scream of a hundred bugles, with the deep rolling of drums and the clashing of cymbals, all sounding together in one deafening uproar. 
Knights and archers sprang to arms, convinced that some great host was upon them; but the guide dropped upon his knees and thanked Heaven for its mercies. "We have found them, caballeros!" he cried. As I have but four 
wives and Brother Drebber here has seven, it appears to me that my claim is the stronger one. If her master had a visitor he had himself admitted him. What I say to you is God's truth, every word of it. For example, I began by stating that your brother was careless. I was dispatched, accordingly, in the troopship "Orontes," and landed a month later on Portsmouth jetty, with my health irretrievably ruined, but with permission from a paternal government to spend the next nine months in attempting to improve it. "  He applied a taper to the great bowl, and the smoke bubbled merrily through the rose-water. "Yes, I think we had better do as you suggest. " She 
stood smiling, holding up a little slip of paper in the air. It was clear that he thought that our night's work might be a serious one. Our 
friend, Sir Henry, and the lady had halted on the path and were standing deeply absorbed in their conversation, when I was suddenly aware that I was not the only witness of their interview. A wisp of green floating in the air caught my eye, and another glance showed me that it was carried on a stick by a man who was moving among the broken ground. Holmes and I walked along the broad, sandy road inhaling the fresh morning air and rejoicing in the music of the birds and the fresh breath of the spring. I do not know where I was, nor whom I spoke with, nor anything save what I have told you. I was 
feeling drowsy and stupid, partly from my dinner and also from the effects of a long day's work. Only at the 
third did our visit prove abortive. At that moment there arrived Dr. A monkish upbringing, one year in the world after the age of twenty, and then a free selection one way or the other--it was a strange course which had been marked out for him. Here the cabman was directed to wait. Holmes took a paper from his pocket and laid a ten-pound note upon the table. The book will prove that. suggests your own name. The date of the watch is nearly fifty years back, and the initials are as old as the watch:  so it was made for the last generation. I noticed that she had her hand to her brow. I swear it. They ascended, then, to Mr. Blessington's room, 
the door of which they found to be locked. With the help of a wire, however, they forced round the key. By chance, however, the first boot which was procured for him was a new one and, therefore, useless for his purpose. My popularity would soon suffer if I were to carry out your orders to the letter. "I think, 
Watson, that I shall resume that course of tobacco-poisoning which you have so often and so justly condemned," said he. "  He was, indeed, half blubbering with fear, and his twitching feeble face peeping out from the great Astrakhan collar had the helpless appealing expression of a terrified child. "  "Excellent! We shall then look thoroughly into the affair. "  "And you will devote yourself to that?"  "On the contrary, we both go back to London by the night train. Looking down I 
saw a stately carriage and pair, the brilliant lamps gleaming on the glossy haunches of the noble chestnuts. We saw no sign of 
pursuit, however, and soon we had got into more open country and beyond their power. I won't deny that there was some feeling about the division of the money and it stood between us for a time, but it was all forgiven and forgotten, and we were the best of friends together. "Now sign that, and send it by hand about 
four o'clock. "  I went downstairs and carried the dog upstair in my arms. "  "But it is profoundly true. But they've found his bicycle. I knew my man, 
however, and I clapped a pistol to his head before he could strike. Mr. Culverton Smith is a 
well-known resident of Sumatra, now visiting London. "Oh, that's it--is it?" said he. Why, all the morning he was saying to me that, whatever happened, I was to be true; and that even if something quite unforeseen occurred to separate us, I was always to remember that I was pledged to him, and that he would claim his pledge sooner or later. Peter Karsdale, who was but a common country lout newly brought over, with the English fleas still hopping under his doublet, laid his great hands upon the Sieur Amaury de Chatonville, who owns half Picardy, and had five thousand crowns out of him, with his horse and harness. This day, however, he had been 
sombre and mute, with scarce a word a mile to bestow upon his comrade. "  "Or towards it?"  "No, no, my dear Watson. Both have been ever since the houses were built. At every turn Baskerville gave an exclamation of delight, looking eagerly about him and asking countless questions. White 
Mason, I claim the right to work in my own way and give my results at my own time--complete rather than in stages. "  "I was going to propose it, Mr. It will be safer to do exactly what he tells 
me. Not a bird, my dear Roxton--not a bird. There were articles in most of the 
papers upon the Norwood tragedy. The furniture and pictures were of the most common and vulgar description, save in the one chamber at the window of which I had seen the strange face. In this case, however, they have established a very serious case against the son of the murdered man. "I am off down the river, Watson," said he. Holmes," he answered 
after a pause. During that time she ran free in a mining camp and wandered through woods or mountains, so that her education has come from Nature rather than from the schoolmaster. He had a garden and two or three fields round his house, and there he would take his exercise, though very often for weeks on end he would never leave his room. "This aroused my curiosity, so when I went out for a walk in the grounds with my charge, I strolled round to the side from which I could see the windows of this part of the house. "There is an illustration 
here which would interest you. I saw him glance up at our window as he did so. 
However, that is for a British jury to decide. So now, my good sir, I beg you to sit down and to tell me, slowly and quietly, exactly what it is that has occurred, and how you desire that I should help you. The sports of the lists had done much in days gone by to impress the minds of the people, but the plumed and unwieldy champion was no longer an object either of fear or of reverence to men whose fathers and brothers had shot into the press at Crecy or Poitiers, and seen the proudest chivalry in the world unable to make head against the weapons of disciplined peasants. And then 
suddenly, with a crashing and a rending, a thudding of giant feet and a panting of monster lungs the beast was upon me once more. "  "But who is he?"  "I'll tell you, Watson. "My, but that was smart!  You had it down to a fine 
thing. "It might be a description of Watson. Trevelyan, drawing a large coil from under the bed. But the matter is so inexplicable, and the recent turn which it has taken is so elaborate, that I shall lay it all before you, and you shall judge what is essential and what is not. Then, I think, if you were an active man, You might swarm up, wooden leg and all. I sat up in bed 
and rapped my knuckles against the rail to make certain that I was truly awake. My duty ends 
when I have returned the lost letter to your husband. I came round as quickly as the Bayswater bus would bring me. I have never denied 
him a wish. And yet as we saw it that autumn morning, it was not its beauty which would be the first thing to impress the observer. It seemed to me that a careful examination of the room and the lawn might possibly reveal some traces of this mysterious individual. Until I am told which page and which book I am powerless. Of course they might soon get over the difficulty. "  "Have you ever had an alarm like this before?"  "Never," said our client. "Nay, there are but seven-and-twenty thousand men. "  "Throw down your hilt, Edricson," cried Norbury. By my hilt! I hold that a man 
has more to fear there from the ink-pot of the one than from the iron of the other. The 'Last Stand of the Grays' won't be in it. A solid iron chest of Indian workmanship stood upon the deck. "  "Oh! he impressed you in that way, did he? There are the horses, there is the smithy. "The name is familiar to me," said he. "  "And hark to the speech of the folk!" said Ford. "Look at his long letters," 
he said. He shall see Winchester jail for this. I may add that the papers were undoubtedly in 
the office during working hours on Monday, and that Sir James left for London about three o'clock taking his key with him. In that, however, I was in error. He was roused, however, from his pleasant reverie by the sound of voices, and two people emerged from the forest some little way to his right and moved across the field in the direction of the bridge. Neither did 
he appear to have pursued any course of reading which might fit him for a degree in science or any other recognized portal which would give him an entrance into the learned world. "  "And a passing strange sword it is," quoth Sir Nigel. "  "And also with the result of causing it to turn upon its master at the other side. "I have already heard of your meeting with Mrs. "'My sole duties, then,' I asked, 'are 
to take charge of a single child?'  "'No, no, not the sole, not the sole, my dear young lady,' he cried. He overdid it. "Travellers for Nevada," said Jefferson Hope, with his 
hand upon the rifle which hung by his saddle. They could see the lonely watcher fingering 
his gun, and peering down at them as if dissatisfied at their reply. One by one the poor devils have to 
jump, and the game is to see whether they are merely dashed to pieces or whether they get skewered on the canes. He could not deny the justice of my request, so with a rather rueful face he went off to his bedroom, from which he returned presently pulling a large tin box behind him. Summerlee adds his occasional high tenor to Challenger's 
sonorous bass. Professor Challenger answered that Mr. Would Mr. Now, Soames, I am going to ask you to have the great kindness to go up to the room of young Gilchrist, and to ask him to step down into yours. I know that a paper 
has disappeared. "  "To answer this I would fain lay hand upon one whose thoughts turn strongly to this castle which you have named. "You don't seem to have a very high opinion of my honour," said he, "you want the money before you give up the book. Some of my most interesting cases have come to me in this way through Mycroft. Having described the genesis of their journey, and paid a handsome tribute to his friend Professor Challenger, coupled with an apology for the incredulity with which his assertions, now fully vindicated, had been received, he gave the actual course of their journey, carefully withholding such information as would aid the public in any attempt to locate this remarkable plateau. It may have been twenty yards across, and was banked in on each side by most luxuriant vegetation. I could not marry her, for I have a wife who has left me for years and yet whom, by the deplorable laws of England, I could not divorce. Hilton Cubitt has had with me in Baker 
Street. Here are the symbols. But I'll humour you. Our only chance of safety lay in making a clean job of it, said he, and he would not leave a tongue with power to wag in a witness-box. All other things, our powers our desires, our food, are all really necessary for our existence in the first instance. I sat up all night with paper and ink, 
and by the morning I had the two charts all ready, signed with the sign of four,--that is, of Abdullah, Akbar, Mahomet, and myself. "  "I must say, Professor Summerlee, that your manners do not seem to have improved since I last had the pleasure of meeting you," said Lord John severely. "If ever geologists should by any chance live upon earth again they 
will have some strange theories of the existence of man in carboniferous strata. We KNOW he is at the bottom of fifty murders, and yet we have nothing positive we can take him on. Over this chaplet my brother 
Bartholomew and I had some little discussion. In the window was a sumptuous writing-desk, and every detail of the apartment, the pictures, the rugs, and the hangings, all pointed to a taste which was luxurious to the verge of effeminacy. Austin, the chauffeur, had received his final notice at last, for he was sprawling beside the wheel, with a great black bruise upon his forehead where it had struck the step or mud-guard in falling. He still held in his hand the nozzle of the hose with which he had been washing down his machine. Of course, I could not say that he had not found the pearl in Harker's bust. "  "The greedy rogue. I had counted on my brother's love, but God has willed that it should be otherwise. From now  onwards you devote your energies to getting us out of this horrible country and back once more to civilization. Such are the views which, with much passionate distortion of his thin features and wagging of his thin, goat-like beard, he poured into our ears all the way from Southampton to Manaos. I have heard that from that time English 
archers have been better treated in the auberge of Cardillac. "  "Sure, Councillor, I am little more than a recruit," said McMurdo; but his face showed what he thought of the great man's compliment. "  "Did you recognize your coachman?"  "No. "Nay, Sir Nigel," said Felton, peering at the prisoner through the uncertain light, "I have twice seen Henry of Transtamare, and certes this man in no way resembles him. I had reason to think that he might not need them again, seeing that a thirty-inch shaft had feathered in his back. One day, however, when the autumn was far advanced and the vacation drawing to a close, I received a telegram from my friend imploring me to return to Donnithorpe, and saying that he was in great need of my advice and assistance. Hudson, there may be an 
answer. It was a wax-coloured model of my friend, so admirably done that it was a perfect facsimile. It was long, whitish, and 
blotched with pimples, the nose flattened, and the lower jaw projecting, with a bristle of coarse whiskers round the chin. Holmes had already drawn his revolver, and I whipped out mine at the sight of this savage, distorted creature. The letter which had been the messenger of death 
for Milverton lay, all mottled with his blood, upon the table. On the one hand the compositors and pressmen were forced to admit that the light was uncertain, that they were themselves much perturbed, and that it was difficult for them to swear to the identity of the assailants; although they believed that the accused were among them. Hard face, battered head 
piece, dinted brigandine, with faded red lion of St. George ramping on a discolored ground, all proclaimed as plainly as words that he was indeed from the land of war. He 
looked keenly at Sir Nigel as he approached, and then, plunging his hand under his breastplate, he stepped up to him with a rough, uncouth bow to the lady. "What is this, Perkins?" asked Dr. I know one of his subjects 
who could match him at that. Lyons. We regard this case as one of murder, and the evidence may implicate not only your friend Mr. "  The name of Nauvoo evidently recalled recollections to John Ferrier. 
"Excellent!"  "I think also that the probability is in favour of his being a country practitioner who does a great deal of his visiting on foot. "Come, friend Watson, the curtain rings up for the last act. "The game is afoot. I 
would offer you a sovereign for the use of a bicycle. "My sister had told me some weeks before that I might have the pick of her geese for a Christmas present, and I knew that she was always as good as her word. "May all our difficulties vanish as easily!" 
said Sherlock Holmes. He was moving away himself, when his eyes lit upon a 
strange sight, and one which sent a tingling through his skin. They are all, as he remarks, very much against the son. "About a quarter of a mile from the 
stables John Straker's overcoat was flapping from a furze-bush. Immediately beyond there was a bowl-shaped depression in the moor, and at the bottom of this was found the dead body of the unfortunate trainer. His head had been shattered by a savage blow from some heavy weapon, and he was wounded on the thigh, where there was a long, clean cut, inflicted evidently by some very sharp instrument. "Surely you have heard of it?  I thought everyone had heard of it. 
"Yes, sir, it is a blood-stain. It was him that roused him up yesternight, and, 
what's more, my man knew he was comin', for he had steam up in the launch. I deduced a 
ventilator. Here it is!" He opened his bag, and at last we saw placed upon our table a complete specimen of that bust which we had already seen more than once in fragments. There's a Booth boat for Para 
next Wednesday week, and if the Professor and you can work it, I think we should take it--what?  Very good, I'll fix it with him. If I know anything o' that young 
man, he'll be back here with a speed that would whip electro-telegraphs. I know a good woman in 
the place I come from, and it's there I'd leave you till we can get married. Then, again, if not poison, what had caused the man's death, since there was neither wound nor marks of strangulation? But, on the other hand, whose blood was that which lay so thickly upon the floor? There were no signs of a struggle, nor had the victim any weapon with which he might have wounded an antagonist. Finally, in 
my aimless perambulation, I came to the mantelpiece. Had anyone else come in, the family 
would certainly have risen from the table. " With a soldierly salute, he wheeled round his horse, and, galloping down the lists, disappeared amid the dense crowd of footmen and of horsemen who were streaming away from the scene of the tournament. Culverton Smith. Have you the cab below?  I will follow you when I am dressed, for I may be of some use at the station. Joseph Stangerson?"  "The Secretary, Mr. "  "Patience, my friend, patience! You will find in time that it has everything to do with it. Let us have him arrested on his arrival. I am a man who shoots straight at his mark. C. is as he was made and couldn't 
help himself. "You will appreciate the difficulty of the situation, Watson. "It 
comes as a bit of a shock, does it not, when someone makes you realize that your title leaves you none the less a very ignorant man?"  "Upon my word, sir," said Lord John, very stern and rigid, "if you were a younger man you would not dare to speak to me in so offensive a fashion. "  "True enough, my lad. But there was a delay in that answering telegram, and 
two days of impatience followed, during which Holmes pricked up his ears at every ring of the bell. Holmes?"  It was amusing to me to see how the detective's overbearing manner had changed suddenly to that of a child asking questions of its teacher. I cannot 
tell. You shave every morning, and in this season you shave by the sunlight; but since your shaving is less and less complete as we get farther back on the left side, until it becomes positively slovenly as we get round the angle of the jaw, it is surely very clear that that side is less illuminated than the other. You will send two good men, they will be taken charge of by Treasurer Higgins of this lodge, whose address you know. But we could do with 
some lads like you. "  Again we saw the dim silhouette of a crouching man and the whisk of the small flame across the window as the signals were renewed. "  "Frighten!" McMurdo was on fire in a moment. "  "But what fresh evidence could you have got?"  "Aha! It is not for nothing that I have turned myself out of bed at the untimely hour of six. "We thought that if we could only find--Good heavens, Mr. It must have been a young man, and an active one, too, besides being an incomparable actor. When I did so, my 
screams brought the maid to my assistance. You can only throw mud at the men who have risked their lives to open new fields to science. I shouted in the 
hall. "  He leaned forward with great earnestness. "I knew it not. " As he said so he 
cut with a knife the various lashings that held it. Twenty more paces, my treasure! Ah, my God! how they push and brawl! Get in their way, Tita mia! Put your little elbow bravely out! Set your shoulders squarely against them, girl! Why should you give way to these mad islanders? Ah, cospetto! we are ruined and destroyed!"  The crowd had thickened in front, so that the lame man and the girl had come to a stand. Yet, even after the enrolment, there was much to be done ere 
the party could proceed upon its way. George, I was able to sit my charger in the ruffle of Poictiers, which was no very long time afterwards. "  "Ah, you would indeed be in luck then," quoth a woodman; "for it is said that, setting aside the prince, and mayhap good old Sir John Chandos, there was not in the whole army a man of such tried courage. "One moment, 
Lestrade," said Holmes. "Was the photograph a cabinet?"  "It was. "No, no, the yew alley is on the other side. It is most like a plucked pullet which has died of the spotted fever. "  "Nay, friend, it is not the Frenchman's gold, but the Frenchman's blood that I would have. "  We had risen to depart when Baskerville gave a cry, of triumph, and diving into one of the corners of the room he drew a brown boot from under a cabinet. I saw them throng around him, and he is either taken or 
slain. Light a cigar and let me expound. Light from a star is a self-produced light. THE 
intelligence with which Lestrade greeted us was so momentous and so unexpected, that we were all three fairly dumfoundered. "God bless your sweet 
calm face!" she cried, with an hysterical sob. "Fear not, my fair damsel," said 
Sir Nigel, "but tell me if perchance a poor and most unworthy knight can in any wise be of service to you. "He who 
could draw it from the rocks will not now abandon His own chosen people. "  "He would not pay you a surprise visit?"  "Oh, Mr. "By my ten finger-bones! if you march behind the pennon of the five roses you are like to see all that a good bowman would wish to see. But with common sense. There is the playing of 
the citole and the rebeck. McGinty rose with gloom upon his brow. To right and 
left of him were the higher lodge officials, the cruel, handsome face of Ted Baldwin among them. To assert it is, in the present stage, as unprofitable as 
to deny it, but it is an unimaginative numskull who is too dense to perceive that it is well within the bounds of scientific possibility. It was at least seven feet high, and so thin that she could hardly balance upon it. And the queer thing about it is that the real owner is outlawed and cannot hold property, so that it belongs to the first comer. ADVENTURE II. 
The Greek Interpreter   During my long and intimate acquaintance with Mr. ' It is a customary contraction like our 'Co. "'Do you promise, then?' said he at last. 
"'Yes, I promise. We have not had a peaceful hour since--not one. They were small men, wiry, active, and well-built, with lank black hair tied up in a bunch behind their heads with a leathern thong, and leathern also were their loin-clothes. There has, I fear, been preconcerted management here. Neville St. Clair, then it is obvious that no 
crime has been committed, and that, therefore, I am illegally detained. And what do you think they found in the pockets?"  "I cannot imagine. What have I to put up against that? Three wine-glasses, that is all. They are starving me. The few 
who threw themselves in their way were overpowered or brushed aside, while the pursuers were beaten back by the ready weapons of the three cavaliers. Before we start to investigate that, let us try to realize what we do know, so as to make the most of it, and to separate the essential from the accidental. Broad bars of golden light from the lower windows stretched across the orchard and the moor. One of them was suddenly shut off. As I passed the well-remembered door, which must always be associated in my mind with my wooing, and with the dark incidents of the Study in Scarlet, I was seized with a keen desire to see Holmes again, and to know how he was employing his extraordinary powers. It wavered 
and quivered above us for a minute, the morning sun gleaming upon its sleek, sinuous coils. "    Chapter III  SUBMERGED   The chamber which was destined to be the scene of our unforgettable experience was a charmingly feminine sitting-room, some fourteen or sixteen feet square. "Back!" said he. "Our time is not yet come, and we must 
lie here until evening. All he wants is an old dog to help him to do the running down. At last, shortly after nine o'clock, there arrived a messenger with a note:  Am dining at Goldini's Restaurant, Gloucester Road, Kensington. "The cunning 
dog has covered his tracks," said he. "  The moment we attempted to retreat the circle closed in upon us, until the tips of the wings of those nearest to us nearly touched our faces. You can 
tell your friends that we should have been happy to have come with you, but that urgent business required us to be in town. At the vicarage you passed through the orchard and the side hedge, coming out under the window of the lodger Tregennis. Before daybreak, however, they were up and on their way once more. "  Such was the cheery cry of our excellent Zambo. It is the Lady Eva Blackwell, the most 
beautiful debutante of last season. A young man, very pale and worn, was lying upon a sofa near the open window, through which came the rich scent of the garden and the balmy summer air. It came slowly along the passage, and there was a feeble tap at the door. But as to murder, I am as innocent as you. It may do 
something to simplify what followed. At the end of the victorious campaign the 
surviving ape-folk were driven across the plateau (their wailings were horrible) and established in the neighborhood of the Indian caves, where they would, from now onwards, be a servile race under the eyes of their masters. Again, in 
Arles and Nimes, and other towns that I could name, there are the great arches and fortalices still standing which were built of old by giant men who came from the south. At that point, however, as it happens, there is a broadish ditch, moist at the bottom. Behind 
it all, a blue tropical sky. They paused, however, at the bridge, and, leaning their elbows upon the stonework, they stood looking down at their own faces in the glassy stream, and at the swift flash of speckled trout against the tawny gravel. The others went in. "  "When?"  "The body was found at six on Tuesday morning. "As for the article I wrote it myself. "  "You!"  "Yes, I have a turn both for observation and for deduction. He stooped to the 
fire, picked up a blazing branch, and slipped in an instant through a sallyport which he had made in our gateway. It was shown that, after dinner on 
the day of his death, he had played a rubber of whist at the latter club. Nearly a 
hundred thousand pounds' worth of American railway bonds, with a large amount of scrip in mines and other companies, was discovered in the bag. On examining the premises the body of the unfortunate watchman was found doubled up and thrust into the largest of the safes, where it would not have been discovered until Monday morning had it not been for the prompt action of Sergeant Tuson. I was to see that the doors were open and the signal of a green or white light in a window which faced the drive was to give notice if all was safe or if the attempt had better be postponed. It had been too far from me for that. It 
is true also that I did lay my hands upon this jack-fool of a brother Ambrose, though, as you can see, I did him little scathe. Sometimes, for an instant, it was at fault. Then it would catch it up again and come bounding swiftly along the path I had taken. "Well, I guess you gentlemen are 
only doing your clear duty after all, and I have no right to stand in the way of it. Mind, I don't say that there was anything unfair, but so it was. These prison-chaps had done little else than play cards ever since they had been at the Andamans, and they knew each other's game to a point, while the others just played to pass the time and threw their cards down anyhow. The attack upon Mr. The lack of combination in the three-quarter line and their weakness both in attack and defence more than neutralized the efforts of a heavy and hard-working pack. Holmes 
advanced along it in the same slow and methodical way, while we kept close at his heels, with our long black shadows streaming backwards down the corridor. "See, Watson!" said he. Now 
they all turn and come into the camp together. "Ames," he said, when the butler entered, "where is Mr. Cecil Barker now?"  "I'll see, sir. She was much impressed by your kindness and skill. Close 
behind her a tiny patch upon the roadside showed where the little boy was stretched. "Mordecai Smith" was printed across it in large letters, and, underneath, "Boats to hire by the hour or day. "  A second inscription above the door informed us that a steam launch was kept,--a statement which was confirmed by a great pile of coke upon the jetty. You look remarkably robust. "  "Very good, sir. Shortly after mid-day, a great uproar of shouting and cheering broke out in the camp, with mustering of men and calling of bugles. Dr. Mortimer here went round with me. "Now, Mr. "I am much indebted to 
you for your gracious permission," said the angry Professor; for never was a man so intolerant of every form of authority. That was why I thought to speak with you. There was no one but Alec 
Fairbairn whose step she could have mistaken for mine. The only men worth considering are Adolph Mayer, of 13 Great George Street, Westminster; Louis La Rothiere, of Campden Mansions, Notting Hill; and Hugo Oberstein, 13 Caulfield Gardens, Kensington. His bolt 
struck the stork just where its wing meets the body, and the bird whirled aloft in a last convulsive flutter before falling wounded and flapping to the earth. If that man is struck down, there will be a stir through this state that will only end with our destruction. "  When we met again next evening, Lestrade was furnished with much information concerning our prisoner. "And in good sooth my dear lord hath need of such a one by his side, for he recks so little of himself that there should be one there to look to his needs and meet his wants. When I woke it was broad daylight. In my mind I set it down as an impossible performance, save in the unlikely case that she had a second pair of glasses. Professor Summerlee, a long, melancholy figure, walks with dragging steps and drooping head, as one who is already profoundly sorry for himself. I'll show him up for the fraud he is. "  She laughed at the elasticity of my character. Yet he could but agree to do what he might, and so went forth from the castle hall with his face flushed and his head in a whirl at the thought of the strange and perilous paths which his feet were destined to tread. There were men who said 
that of all the stern passages and daring deeds by which Sir Nigel Loring had proved the true temper of his courage, not the least was his wooing and winning of so forbidding a dame. Of course we 
stuck by him, I and Dawson, who, with his wife, used to do the book-work and the managing. The will was duly finished, 
signed, and witnessed by my clerk. ]  [Footnote 3: "lodgings. ": ending quote is missing. ]  [Footnote 23: "ancles": ankles. Kemball, in one of his sermons, alludes to his hundred wives under this endearing epithet. ]          Produced by David Brannan. ]  [Footnote 29: Heber C. ]  [Footnote 11: "condonment": should be condonement. "]  [Footnote 25: "poisions": should be "poisons"]  [Footnote 26: ". ]  [Footnote 10: "Patent leathers": the hyphen is missing. . 
