E SL. C. is happiest then. A second very obvious one is that this young man really is the heir of a great property, however modest his means may at present be, and it is not impossible that a plot to hold him for ransom might be concocted. "The moment 
I looked at my table, I was aware that someone had rummaged among my papers. "  "How's the arm?" asked the Boss. "I do not understand how you know these 
things," she said. "  He tut-tutted and shook his big, obstinate head. Suddenly, however, an unexpected incident opened up quite a new prospect to me. Of 
course, he was quite dead, and had been so from the instant that he had uttered that last yell of agony. Alleyne, however, 
continued with little cries of admiration and of wonderment to turn from the walls to the table and yet again to the walls. "I wish to have a quiet word with you, Bradstreet. " He swelled with 
some secret purpose, but would say no more. "  "One would think that we were the criminals. "Subject to your correction, I 
should judge that the watch belonged to your elder brother, who inherited it from your father. On my way I saw William Crowder, the game-keeper, as he had stated in his evidence; but he is mistaken in thinking that I was following my father. In an instant 
Alleyne and John were on foot, and had lifted her forth all in a shake with fear, but little the worse for her mischance. In the meantime I will do a little 
quiet work at your own doors, and perhaps the scent is not so cold but that two old hounds like Watson and myself may get a sniff of it. From the lower part of the face he appeared to be a man of strong character, with a thick, hanging lip, and a long, straight chin suggestive of resolution pushed to the length of obstinacy. On the other side I saw the red signal-lamps of a railway. On the eastern side of 
this plain the country-side sloped upwards, thick with vines in summer, but now ridged with the brown bare enclosures. "  Ford shook his head. "  "'The impudent scoundrel!' I cried. Through my sudden spring they missed a fatal grip, but one of them caught the back of my neck and the other one my face. "  "Where were the plans?"  "In that safe. Sore was his heart when he saw rare bowmen and war-hardened spearmen turned away from his gates, for the lack of the money which might equip and pay them. This in turn opened into a large 
bedroom. "It was in the north country. "Six hundred and thirty paces! Mon Dieu! 
but that is a shoot! And yet it says nothing for your weapon, mon gros camarade, for it was by turning yourself into a crossbow that you did it. When I had listened to all they had 
to tell, I began to walk up and down near Briony Lodge once more, and to think over my plan of campaign. "  "We have had some fresh evidence this morning," said Lestrade. He snatched one of them up, opened it, and burst out into a triumphant chuckle of laughter. An unequal fight it seemed to most; but there were a few, and they the most experienced, who saw something in the youth's steady gray eye and wary step which left the issue open to doubt. But of that there can surely be no danger. She has a puckered forehead, 
a peering expression, and probably rounded shoulders. "You see," he said, with a significant raising of the 
eyebrows. The prayer finished, they resumed their seat in the shadow of the boulder until the child fell asleep, nestling upon the broad breast of her protector. The floor was of polished tiles, with a square of red and black 
diapered Flemish carpet in the centre; and many settees, cushions, folding chairs, and carved bancals littered all over it. It was a short account of the 
facts with which he was himself more familiar than the writer could have been. He turned the key in the lock. "  "Well, I think that you are in the right. I can well remember that learned 
brother Bartholomew, who is deep in all the secrets of nature, pointed one out to me as we walked together near Vinney Ridge. "  It was indeed an enormous crowd which covered the whole vast plain from the line of vineyards to the river bank. Once I lost myself, and it was only by good luck, and after an hour of wandering, that I found the camp once more. "Ah, Holy Mother, be with us now!"  As he spoke the cog rasped along the edge of the reef, and a long white curling sheet of wood was planed off from her side from waist to poop by a jutting horn of the rock. Come then, for it grows late and the horses are stamping in the roadway. When we 
reached it, all doubt was removed. "  "On which side were the marks on the grass?"  "This side, sir. The sub-species of the human race to which you unfortunately 
belong has always been below my mental horizon. "  "But, father," interrupted the young man, "it is surely true that I am already advanced several degrees in clerkship?"  "Yes, fair son, but not so far as to bar you from the garb you now wear or the life which you must now lead. He sat perched on a high bay horse, and held on to the bridle of a spirited black palfrey, the hides of both glistening from a long run. Half in my dreams I was dimly conscious that something was going on in the room, and gradually became aware that my wife had dressed herself and was slipping on her mantle and her bonnet. After them came twenty-seven sumpter horses carrying tent-poles, cloth, spare arms, spurs, wedges, cooking kettles, horse-shoes, bags of nails and the hundred other things which experience had shown to be needful in a harried and hostile country. Man for man, with equal weapons, they are as worthy and valiant men as could be found in the whole of Christendom. What was to happen then? All manner of 
vague and terrible fancies filled his imagination. Between ourselves, the recent cases in which I have been of assistance to the royal family of Scandinavia, and to the French republic, have left me in such a position that I could continue to live in the quiet fashion which is most congenial to me, and to concentrate my attention upon my chemical researches. D. , _late of the Army Medical Department. Their thin, shrill voices rose high above the 
roar of the flames and the crash of the masonry, like the yelping of a pack of wolves who see their quarry before them and know that they have well-nigh run him down. "  "Excellent! This is a colleague, Watson, after our own heart. "  "By my hilt! and so do I," cried Aylward. A stranger then is still dogging us, just as a stranger dogged us in London. "No, no; the real 
name," said Holmes sweetly. What a splendid night it is!"  "You like this weather?"  "It suits my purpose. Now was the time for the purer living and the more agile limb to show their value. McMurdo had a fine 
tenor voice, and if he had failed to gain the good will of the lodge before, it could no longer have been withheld after he had thrilled them with "I'm Sitting on the Stile, Mary," and "On the Banks of Allan Water. We had had no food for many hours, and were very weary with the stony and irregular journey, but our nerves were too strung to allow us to halt. A brown chest of drawers stood in one corner, a narrow white-counterpaned bed in another, and a dressing-table on the left-hand side of the window. Having found the ash, I then looked round and discovered the stump among the moss where he had tossed it. We understand that when the prisoner is brought before the magistrates a remand will be applied for by the police, and that great developments are hoped from his capture. His face was disturbed and troubled, while his clothes were 
disarranged and untidy. Hast no space in thy frame for the softer joys. Indeed, apart from 
the nature of the investigation which my friend had on hand, there was something in his masterly grasp of a situation, and his keen, incisive reasoning, which made it a pleasure to me to study his system of work, and to follow the quick, subtle methods by which he disentangled the most inextricable mysteries. "I wonder if the death was natural, or whether the poor old fellow killed himself!  If the latter, may it be taken as some sign of self-reproach for duty neglected?  We must leave that question to the future. "  "Here is Sir Nigel Loring, on foot and with his sword," said the prince. Pent 
in, a hundred feet from earth, with a furnace raging under them and a ravening multitude all round who thirsted for their blood, it seemed indeed as though no men had ever come through such peril with their lives. I walked into the doctor's yard this morning, and shot my syringe full of aniseed over the hind wheel. His thin figure and long limbs struggled and fluttered like a chicken being dragged from a coop. I looked 
into her eyes and I read it all there. "Why won't you tell me?"  "Because no brother may tell another a lie. You'll find it through the length and breadth of the States, but always as an innocent one. She had got a start, however, and before I could catch her, the mischief was done. In the 
homely Alpine villages or in the lonely mountain passes, I could tell by his quick glancing eyes and his sharp scrutiny of every face that passed us, that he was well convinced that, walk where we would, we could not walk ourselves clear of the danger which was dogging our footsteps. Holmes was 
silent and buried in thought with a pained expression upon his face, as one who finds himself in a perplexing position. He had been a pioneer in California, and could narrate many a strange tale of fortunes made and fortunes lost in those wild, halcyon days. You cannot hold him responsible for that. Your wedding was arranged, then, for the Friday. She bore upon her aquiline and emaciated face the traces of some recent tragedy. "  "Alack and alas for the fairest and sweetest!" she cried. That ring with the 
rough nugget on it was above it, and the twisted snake ring on the third finger. Surely you are 
not going! You will help me to empty the decanter in honour of this great occasion!"  But I resisted all his solicitations and succeeded in dissuading him from his announced intention of walking home with me. Andrew's was deemed to be too small to contain the crowd. "  "It shall be found, sir--I promise you that if you will have a little patience it will be found. But he has never let us get together and it was only today for the first time that I saw a chance of having a few words with her alone. One to Mr. "  But the inspector was mistaken, for those criminals were not destined to fall into the hands of justice. We could have wept--Mrs. and Mrs. I say again that they are God's own saints, and I bow my head to them. "No offense, young fellah. I'm goin' to get a young devil chick for Challenger. "That's enough. The sooner we get to work the better. "  Again we saw the dim silhouette of a crouching man and the whisk of the small flame across the window as the signals were renewed. As I passed the well-remembered door, which must always be associated in my mind with my wooing, and with the dark incidents of the Study in Scarlet, I was seized with a keen desire to see Holmes again, and to know how he was employing his extraordinary powers. As he stepped into the circle of yellow light thrown by the lantern she saw that he was a person of gentlemanly bearing, dressed in a gray suit of tweeds, with a cloth cap. I love and am loved by a better man than he. We are both 
prepared to swear that no one could have entered the room during the night. "  "Nay, brother, nay!" cried the prince impatiently. He looked suspiciously at 
us now out of yellow-shot, bilious eyes, and, without speaking or rising, he waved towards two chairs. "  "Mr. And yet--Well! I wish she had been of my own station! What a queen she would have made!" He relapsed into a moody silence, which was not broken until we drew up in Serpentine Avenue. Far from doing so, it had, if anything, augmented it. The 
kitchen stands right at the back of the house. "  The girl laughed with joy. I threw myself, screaming, against the door, and dragged with my nails at the lock. Good!  You can now go and fetch Mr. "  "That's your affair, and I guess you can settle it in court to-morrow. 
Windibank, your stepfather, returned to France?"  "Mr. "  "Ah!"  "Yes, it came within a few minutes of your leaving. This room is not well 
adapted for a cell, and Mr. "No possible truth!  I seem to have heard the words 
before. Slowly the twilight crept down as the sun sank behind the high towers of Holdernesse Hall. Even Summerlee and Challenger were crushed, 
and we heard nothing of our companions behind us save an occasional whimper from the lady. Rich furs and strange iridescent mats from some Oriental bazaar were scattered upon the floor. The central part was evidently of a great age and shrouded in ivy, but the large windows showed that modern changes had been carried out, and one wing of the house appeared to be entirely new. Aloysius Doran. Two days 
later--that is, on Wednesday last--there is a curt announcement that the wedding had taken place, and that the honeymoon would be passed at Lord Backwater's place, near Petersfield. 'Tis the royal banner of England, crossed 
by the prince's label. I fear that they will have little to shout over this tourney, for my gold vase has small prospect of crossing the water. " He pulled off his velvet cap of maintenance as he spoke, and displayed a pate which was as bald as an egg, and shone bravely in the firelight. The Adventure of the Blue Carbuncle VIII. "  "I cannot recall the name. "Perchance you have yourself set eyes upon his 
august face?"  "Twice I saw him," said the archer. The first was empty, but at the head of 
the second stood a peasant sentry, who started off at the sight of them, yelling loudly to his comrades. 'I want her to-night at eight o'clock,' said he,--'eight o'clock sharp, mind, for I have two gentlemen who won't be kept waiting. "  Lord John looked guilty. Paul!" observed Sir Nigel, "they both bear the print 
of their armor upon their cotes-hardies. Boots which extended halfway up his calves, and which were trimmed at the tops with rich brown fur, completed the impression of barbaric opulence which was suggested by his whole appearance. Everything comes in circles--even 
Professor Moriarty. "  "You will let me know any fresh development, Miss Smith. But there was somethin' wrong; compasses, or map, or somethin', and it didn't turn up. They have always been together, and according to his account he has been a very lonely man with only her as a companion, so that the thought of losing her was really terrible to him. "  "On the contrary," I answered, "it was only last night that I was looking over my old notes, and classifying some of our past results. "  "But Mr. Pinner with a ghastly smile. C. is as he was made and couldn't help 
himself. After I had graduated I continued to devote myself to research, occupying a minor position in King's College Hospital, and I was fortunate enough to excite considerable interest by my research into the pathology of catalepsy, and finally to win the Bruce Pinkerton prize and medal by the monograph on nervous lesions to which your friend has just alluded. And it may lessen his guilt if I say that it was done in self-defence, and that John Straker was a man who was entirely unworthy of your confidence. Twice since I have been with them he has been quite drunk, and yet Mr. You noticed, of course, that his boots had been 
resoled. On opening the Standard, however, I found that there was a fresh allusion to the business. On the next 
page is a diagram of the mechanism of its wing. Three of our boys were killed, however, before we got the swag. With a manner which plainly showed his appreciation of the immense gravity of the occasion, the celebrated physician refused to admit that every avenue of hope had been closed. Madness, I call it--Loonies, both. How was I to get into the room? For two days I watched the 
place, but the door was never left open. It is of no consequence to us which is the correct solution. It opens with a latch, and there is nothing to prevent anyone from walking in. His room is 
above this. It seemed to me that he was making desperate efforts to restrain a convulsive attack of laughter. "  "Justice!" snarled the ex-convict. "  "What! Sir Oliver Buttesthorn!" cried Sir Nigel. "  It was a bitter night, so we drew on our ulsters and wrapped cravats about our throats. "May the blessed George and the memory of my sweet 
lady-love raise high my heart!" quoth he. But hardly had the woman rushed from the room when Holmes, with swift, silent steps, was over at the other door. The Boots 
pointed out the door to me, and was about to go downstairs again when I saw something that made me feel sickish, in spite of my twenty years' experience. I am interested; but, as you observe, I 
am not surprised. " Suddenly he sat up with a rigid intentness upon his haggard face. Black was 
the mouth of Twynham Castle, though a pair of torches burning at the further end of the gateway cast a red glare over the outer bailey, and sent a dim, ruddy flicker through the rough-hewn arch, rising and falling with fitful brightness. In an instant out there slipped a 
beautiful reddish-brown creature, thin and lithe, with the legs of a stoat, a long, thin nose, and a pair of the finest red eyes that ever I saw in an animal's head. I have 
had no proof yet of the existence of this Jonathan Small. No doubt his blackmailing case is absorbing all his faculties. "Who is this?" he asked curtly. "You see it?"  But I saw nothing. "  "Was there a fellow about thirty, black-bearded, dark, of middle size?"  "Yes; he was the last to pass me. Von Bork pushed it back, and, leading the way, he clicked the switch of the electric light. One had to pinch oneself to be sure that one was awake as one heard this sane and practical Professor in cold measured tones describing the monstrous three-eyed fish-lizards and the huge water-snakes which inhabit this enchanted sheet of water. "Meyers, Toronto," was printed on the leather inside. The chairman was on his feet flapping both his hands and bleating excitedly. On getting into the 
room I at once looked for the means by which the poison had entered the system. His tangled beard, grizzled hair, and outstanding, drooping eyebrows combined to give an air of dignity and power to his appearance, but his face was of an ashen white, while his lips and the corners of his nostrils were tinged with a shade of blue. In spite of its youth, it has already a sinister history. She is waiting now in the sitting-room. He has little time, for he has heard the scuffle downstairs when the wife tried to force her way up, and perhaps he has already heard from his Lascar confederate that the police are hurrying up the street. ' Alleyne, as 
God is my help, as I came up the stairs this night I saw her stand before me, her face in tears, her hands out as though in warning--I saw it, Alleyne, even as I see those two archers upon their couches. I waited up for her. "  "You can do what you like," says I, "but if Fairbairn shows his face here again I'll send you one of his ears for a keepsake. Yes, we were all arrested 
upon his confession. "Yes, my lord, for the town being very ancient and the 
walls as old as the town, it follows that they are very ancient too. Some attempts were 
also made to pull him down. It is the Duke's desire that the carriage shall go 
at once to the Fighting Cock Inn to bring Lord Saltire home. "You look like a general who is planning a battle with his chief of the staff. "The whole course of 
events," said Holmes, "from the point of view of the man who called himself Stapleton was simple and direct, although to us, who had no means in the beginning of knowing the motives of his actions and could only learn part of the facts, it all appeared exceedingly complex. He says so in his note. This would seem to indicate that the book is one which he thought I would have no difficulty in finding for myself. "  "The queerest perhaps--" said Holmes thoughtfully. I was telling Sir Henry 
that it was rather late for him to see the true beauties of the moor. Her sottish husband, who had married her principally for the sake of John Ferrier's property, did not affect any great grief at his bereavement; but his other wives mourned over her, and sat up with her the night before the burial, as is the Mormon custom. "'Yes. I read the stock exchange list every morning. 
Inference--that she had been in England some little time, but he had not been in Greece. See! they are 
springing from their horses, and cutting their sollerets that they may rush upon us. Suddenly, however, as I sat 
writing, he ceased to give any answer at all to my inquiries, and on my turning towards him I was shocked to see that he was sitting bolt upright in his chair, staring at me with a perfectly blank and rigid face. "  "You have made your position very clear to me," said Holmes. Finally when I got your reply to my wire I came out to you, since I gather that you are a person who gives advice in difficult cases. Holmes, but glanced with 
some apprehension at the figure upon the sofa. "  The least appearance of opposition struck fire out of the old autocrat. "Six 
out and six back. "  "By St. "I was never so struck by anything in my life. Holmes ascended the stair first, and as he opened the door of our 
room he gave a start of surprise. There can be no question that Stapleton had a 
confidant, though it is unlikely that he ever placed himself in his power by sharing all his plans with him. The people at the inn were alert all night, awaiting his coming, and one or other of them seems to have continually had an eye upon the road. He would certainly have been hung had this test been in existence. Four years later 
Sholto dies. WITHIN A WEEK OF HIS DEATH Captain Morstan's daughter receives a valuable present, which is repeated from year to year, and now culminates in a letter which describes her as a wronged woman. I raised it, and this was what I read, roughly scrawled in pencil: "Dr. CHAPTER III. HOW FIVE MEN 
HELD THE KEEP OF VILLEFRANCHE   Under the guidance of the French squire the party passed down two narrow corridors. By good fortune, the wood was so light and rotten that it went to a thousand splinters, but Alleyne thought it best to leave the twain to settle the matter at their leisure, the more so as the sun was shining brightly once more. "  "We can scare hope," said Nigel, "to have all ready for our start before the feast of St. No foot-mark showed a trace of its nature, and only the overhanging branch of the enormous ginko tree suggested how it might have come and gone; but of its malevolent strength there was ample evidence in the condition of our stores. It is never a man that I should love, but always the glories he had won; for they would be reflected upon me. No one else had the handling of them. With that exception, 
all has gone as I expected. Suppose I try my luck upon the bicycle?"  "No, no, my dear Watson! With all respect for your natural acumen, I do not think that you are quite a match for the worthy doctor. Mortimer, who is 
this Barrymore, anyhow?"  "He is the son of the old caretaker, who is dead. "I shall go down to Hampshire quite easy in my mind now. I shall ride back, Nigel, with four thousand of the best lances of France at my back, so that your prince may find he hath a task which is worthy of him. "He is a hard man," she said, "and perhaps he hardly knows his own strength. "  "Did you see any other trace of life?"  "No, sir, I did not; but during the week that we lay encamped at the base of the cliff we heard some very strange noises from above. The whole 
garden has already been minutely examined. "  "We must ask about this right away. It might be his portrait. It was his 
belief that if he were given time in which to realize them, all would be well and every creditor paid in full. I wish that he were here. MR. Sherlock Holmes here?"  My friend bowed and smiled. My ramifications stretch out into many sections of society, but never, I am happy to say, into amateur sport, which is the best and soundest thing in England. The crew were a set of ruffians, specially picked for the job. Then she threw her arms around him. ' An instant afterwards there appeared a little wizened fellow with a cringing manner and a shambling style of walking. Swollen gas-bags!  I'll keep you in your proper place. "We could do with a joke in these hard times. She may have touched at any wharf on either side of the stream between here and Greenwich. On this our 
guide knocked with a peculiar postman-like rat-tat. "I am not quite so bulky, but if he had remained I might have shown him that my grip was not much more feeble than his own. "I am for west," remarked 
the plain-clothes man. But at last he thought he saw his chance. I have the addresses as usual. "Thank God, I think that I hear him coming. I exchanged some remarks 
with him, therefore, and obtained his courteous permission to write the short note which you afterwards received. It was more than an hour after that I heard my mistress scream, and down I ran, to find her, poor lamb, just as she says, and him on the floor, with his blood and brains over the room. My glass allowed me to observe that the 
plaster was slightly scratched in doing it, which would not have been the case if the man's nail had been trimmed. He rushed down, just as he was, in his bare feet, opened the window, sprang out into the snow, and ran down the lane, where he could see a dark figure in the moonlight. "And here is the cottage 
which I am going to enter. On receiving this the victim might either openly abjure his former ways, or might fly from the country. "  "What is the meaning of it all, Mr. "  "I had a conscience and a religion; but they made me a criminal among them. His gown was turned back from his shoulders, and the flesh there was a sight to make a man wince, for it was all beaten to a pulp, and the blood was soaking into his gown and trickling down upon the ground. I satisfied myself that it was a cab and not a private carriage by the narrow gauge of the wheels. She was a nonentity. I know every move of your 
game. Tomorrow some other little problem may be submitted to my notice which will in turn dispossess the fair French lady and the infamous Upwood. My maid, Theresa, sleeps above my room. "  "You have a theory then?"  "And I'll work it myself, Mr. Kindly raise that small ivory box with its 
assistance. "  "Yet it would not be to a knight's honor or good name to lower his pennon. When was it inhabited?"  "Neolithic man--no date. "Can you not make reparation?  It would ease your 
conscience, and possibly your punishment. You stand wide, Mr. " He hailed a cab. Listen to 
this:  'Be patient. Still, I bear no grudge for that. When in India, he and I, through a remarkable chain 
of circumstances, came into possession of a considerable treasure. "  At the sight of the man Alleyne had stood staring, but at the sound of his voice such a thrill of joy bubbled up in his heart that he had to bite his lip to keep himself from shouting outright. We turned and plunged into the cave which led to home. Anjou, however, is a very good land for bowmen, for wine and women are all that heart could wish. " He curled himself up in his chair, with his thin knees drawn up to his hawk-like nose, and there he sat with his eyes closed and his black clay pipe thrusting out like the bill of some strange bird. There are no 
signs that they have found us out as yet. And now let us hear a true account of the next act. "I beg, Sir Henry, that you will not go about alone. Oh, do 
not waste the so-precious time, but come!'  "This time, at least, I did not scorn her advice. Our drive pulled up at a 
house which was not unlike the one which we had just quitted. "  "To hear a hound upon the moor would not work a hard man like this convict into such a paroxysm of terror that he would risk recapture by screaming wildly for help. Our united strength could not carry a trunk which would serve our purpose. Mac, and all will be clear to you. "What about a car?"  "The car will be my next care. If you imagine there is any connection--"  "I imagine nothing, Mr. We have all faced death together before now. Sholto," said Holmes, kindly, putting his hand upon his shoulder. "You have done what you could to save him, Harcomb," said he. My duty ends when I have returned the lost letter to your husband. Soaking and stained, with a 
smear of blood on his white shoulder and another on his brow, there was still in his whole pose and set of face the trace of an inflexible resolution. "  "Pray sit down and tell me all about it, Dr. "Well, if I were to tell you all 
the adventures that my little chum and I went through, you would not thank me, for I would have you here until the sun was shining. Pray give me the results of your newspaper selections. A minute later the bailiff and four of his men rode past him on their journey back to Southampton, the other two having been chosen as grave-diggers. "It is the same place," the Professor 
answered. Have you the cab below?  I will follow you when I am dressed, for I may be of some use at the station. Eventually, as we know, she adopted the expedient of cutting out the words which would form the message, and addressing the letter in a disguised hand. I was in 
diggings out Hampstead way, 17 Potter's Terrace. One hears--one hears such dreadful stories 
about those who oppose the Prophet: something terrible always happens to them. "And now I come to the queer part of the business. A door slammed in the distance. He is not particularly intelligent--not a man likely to be congenial to a quick-witted Latin. "An 
accident, I presume?"  "By no means. '  "'It is to keep people out who have no business there. We shall look out for 
you, then, at six. If nature has given you a short, heavy body you cannot possibly help having stumpy legs. "  He was a fine creature, this man of the old English soil--simple, straight, and gentle, with his great, earnest blue eyes and broad, comely face. That these monsters should tear each other to pieces was a part of the strange struggle for existence, but that they should turn upon modern man, that they should deliberately track and hunt down the predominant human, was a staggering and fearsome thought. For myself, I 
confess that I had now conceived the utmost horror of the man, not only for this cold-blooded business in which he had been concerned, but even more for the somewhat flippant and careless way in which he narrated it. They were grouped round the 
bier in the early hours of the morning, when, to their inexpressible fear and astonishment, the door was flung open, and a savage-looking, weather-beaten man in tattered garments strode into the room. His paper stands for all that is solid in the valley. Porlock is important, not for himself, but for the great man with whom he is in touch. At least, I thought, when he has finished the document and the cigar he will go to his room, but before he had reached the end of either, there came a remarkable development, which turned our thoughts into quite another channel. I was waitin' outside the door, sir, and I could hear him. On a certain evening, which had been prearranged, I sent my friend final instructions, for the man was forever on the alert and continually changed his room. "  "I beg that you will not touch me with your filthy hands," remarked our prisoner as the handcuffs clattered upon his wrists. The baggage 
man set out to tell me a funny story, and that's a new experience for me in this country. But, still, 
whatever your motive, I am glad that you went down that mine. "  "Did you know Mrs. "  "Very good, sir. But I happen to know that Dr. The night had been exceedingly 
still, but as I advanced I became conscious of a low, rumbling sound, a continuous murmur, somewhere in front of me. But you will come on, will you not, and see Merripit House?"  A short walk brought us to it, a bleak moorland house, once the farm of some grazier in the old prosperous days, but now put into repair and turned into a modern dwelling. But, in the second place, why did you not come 
at once?"  Holmes glanced at his watch. I guess you owe me either an apology or else an explanation, Mr. Then when he left so 
suddenly for Europe I made sure that it was so. It was evidently as I had thought, and some secret meaning must lie buried in this strange combination of words. You can see for yourselves that they are very handsome. But how about the foresight and the moral retrogression?"  Sherlock Holmes laughed. "  "What will you do, then?"  "Oh, I have my hand upon him. Holder? There would be a noise like a pistol shot. "  "It is a northern coat. "  "War! war!" cried the old Italian. I could see that it was already a third full of bundles of paper tied up with red tape into separate packages. Signor Castalotte was a bachelor, and I believe that he felt as if Gennaro was his son, and both my husband and I loved him as if he were our father. I took the liberty, therefore, of making an appointment in such a way that my man Williams might be able to see you first. From under this great panoply she 
peeped up in a nervous, hesitating fashion at our windows, while her body oscillated backward and forward, and her fingers fidgeted with her glove buttons. "Very sorry, Mr. Holmes, you are a wizard, a sorcerer! How did you know it was there?"  "Because I knew it was nowhere else. "  "The smaller cock, my Lord Audley, may have the longer spur," remarked the Captal de Buch. It's not a very large affair, and of late years it has not done more than just give me a living. Upon my quoting Thomas Carlyle, he inquired in the 
naivest way who he might be and what he had done. On the one hand, I was definitely engaged and had a hundred pounds in my pocket; on the other, the look of the offices, the absence of name on the wall, and other of the points which would strike a business man had left a bad impression as to the position of my employers. Mycroft Holmes struggled out of his overcoat and subsided into an armchair. I dashed from my chair, threw my arms round Holmes, and together we lurched through the door, and an instant afterwards had thrown ourselves down upon the grass plot and were lying side by side, conscious only of the glorious sunshine which was bursting its way through the hellish cloud of terror which had girt us in. There, clinging to the stout halliards of the 
sheet, he gazed with amazement at the long lines of black waves, each with its curling ridge of foam, racing in endless succession from out the inexhaustible west. But how is it with you, master shipman?"  "Ill enough, my fair lord. Morland, Court of Queen's Bench. "Two have been cut 
by a not very sharp knife, and two have had the ends bitten off by a set of excellent teeth. I have no doubt that she loved you, but there are women in whom the love of a lover extinguishes all other loves, and I think that she must have been one. "How now, Don Martin de 
la Carra?" he cried. "  "Tut, tut!  This sounds serious. His death was seven weeks later, upon the night of May 2nd. "Did I not tell you how quick and resolute she was? Would she not have made an admirable queen? Is it not a pity that she was not on my level?"  "From what I have seen of the lady she seems indeed to be on a very different level to your Majesty," said Holmes coldly. "See that you keep 
yourself out of my grip," he snarled, and hurling the twisted poker into the fireplace he strode out of the room. "My stepfather's business papers. "  "Oh! you have seen inside, then?"  "Only once, some years ago. "I could never learn, for he was carried within 
the barrier, and as I had chanced to break the bone of my leg it was a great unease for me to ride or even to stand. Over all this vast meadow there lay a great city of tents--thousands upon thousands of them, laid out in streets and in squares like a well-ordered town. There could be no question as to its nature. "  "But chances are all around you. "  A grinning red face turned once more into a pink oval, fringed with gingery fluff; the interview was at an end. I believe that he would have come all the way had it not been that Dr. At last he outs into the 
passage, and he cries, 'Is that man never goin' to come?' Those were his very words, sir. It was agreed that I should write home full accounts of my adventures in the shape of successive letters to McArdle, and that these should either be edited for the Gazette as they arrived, or held back to be published later, according to the wishes of Professor Challenger, since we could not yet know what conditions he might attach to those directions which should guide us to the unknown land. Luke's. Mr. Holmes?" said he, speaking in 
well-chosen English, with a curious little mincing accent. It is the precious stone. "Why, Holmes, you 
had only two yesterday. "Well, you are their employer, ain't you?  It's up to 
you to see that they don't fall down. At last I got clear, but by the time I had opened the door and reached the house the creature was gone. " He held it tenderly 
towards the light. And yet somehow on that particular night, whether it may have been the slight excitement produced by my little adventure or not I know not, but I slept much more lightly than usual. "  "There have," said I, "been numerous petty thefts. Sterndale recovered his 
ruffled composure. "We can hardly suppose, Mr. Holmes, how curious I became as 
to what the meaning of this extraordinary performance could possibly be. "  Sherlock Holmes had opened his mouth to reply, when the door flew open, and Peterson, the commissionaire, rushed into the apartment with flushed cheeks and the face of a man who is dazed with astonishment. The Indian could bear this back to the world. We were residing 
at the time in furnished lodgings close to a library where Sherlock Holmes was pursuing some laborious researches in early English charters--researches which led to results so striking that they may be the subject of one of my future narratives. Today, for example, its 
surface was broken by a very unexpected ripple, which has caused our friend considerable perplexity and annoyance. "  "But that is not enough, Mr. "  "Indeed, yes, Mr. "Who are you, I'd like to know, to break into a house in this fashion and molest honest, law-abiding men?"  "You're standing out in this deal, Councillor McGinty," said the police captain. I suggest that we return at once to Rotherfield and then take counsel as to how we shall most profitably employ the years which lie before us. "Unloose the horses!" said Sir Nigel. 
That one dint in the short, green grass was the only material witness left of this inexplicable nocturnal flight. There had been one 
contretemps; for a man and his wife had driven up while they were still emptying their revolvers into the silent body. I need 
not say that he was loathed and avoided by every one of his neighbours, and that I have not heard one single word of sorrow about his terrible end. Nor is any occasion too small to take note of, 
for I have known such trifles as the dropping of a gauntlet, or the flicking of a breadcrumb, when well and properly followed up, lead to a most noble spear-running. It had struck me that it was possible that some love intrigue was on foot. And now, if we 
are too late for dinner, I think that we are both ready for our suppers. '  "'But why?' I gasped. "  "So they all strive to do. "I'm quick to quarrel and quick to forgive. Now he 
will pretend, no doubt, that I have said anything which he may invent which will corroborate his insane suspicions. "  "But how came this?" asked Alleyne, open-eyed with astonishment. "There are 
stories of her which I would fain disbelieve--stories that she is sealed to some Gentile. I am only a simple Norfolk squire, but there is 
not a man in England who ranks his family honour more highly than I do. It has not yet 
found its way either into the pharmacopoeia or into the literature of toxicology. "The papers will be full of the Birlstone mystery in a day or two; but where's the mystery if there is a man in London who prophesied the crime before ever it occurred? We have only to lay our hands on that man, and the rest will follow. Begone, I say, and meddle not with my affair. Yet she would not take back the words either, nor would she grant the veil. One knew that thus, and only thus, could a solution be 
found. After the conversation which I have quoted about Barrymore, Sir Henry put on his hat and prepared to go out. He always apologized to me for putting 
me to this inconvenience. The medical evidence showed conclusively that death was due to apoplexy. That is he in the rose-colored doublet with 
the ermine. "  "It gives a fairly good account of the affair. He made his escape, and for 
some reason thought that he could do so more safely on foot than on the bicycle. Is not this so?"  "It is so," answered John Ferrier. You have my assurance that it left the box. "  "What would ye think of offering up prayer?" the man asked diffidently. The 
situation was a curious one. "You are an early bird, Mr. You don't believe such 
nonsense as that?" said I. Throw them over here. I make fast to this stump, and so you have bridge. As I descended, my old ally, the guard, came out of the room and closed the door tightly behind him. They were all most dangerous men. Well, we shall see if 
the inside throws any light upon the matter. "It is even thus, Dicon! Wit, lad, is a catching thing, like the itch or the sweating sickness. Who knows?  Well, Watson, I will not offend your intelligence by explaining what is obvious. Let us see if there is justice upon the earth, or 
if we are ruled by chance. Another point: I made it my business to hunt down some of Moriarty's checks lately--just common innocent checks that he pays his household bills with. Has a white splash of acid upon his forehead. But the beggar is certainly taking his time. "  "Yes, yes, I see that. The child stood beside him, holding on to the skirt of his coat, and said nothing but looked all round her with the wondering questioning gaze of childhood. With an expressive sweep of his hands one of 
them pointed to the woods around them, and indicated that they were full of danger. "  "Nor is it," said Alleyne, "part of the teachings of that mother Church of which he had so much to say. If the two people were murdered, who but their 
murderer would have sent this sign of his work to Miss Cushing?  We may take it that the sender of the packet is the man whom we want. The champion looked wildly 
about for some corner of safety, and was clambering up towards the window, when Ford's voice sounded from without, calling upon Alleyne to hasten, or he might scarce find his way. ]  [Footnote 3: "lodgings. "": the text has an extra double-quote mark]  [Footnote 8: "individual--": illustration this page, with the caption: "As he spoke, his nimble fingers were flying here, there, and everywhere. We saw the shimmering slaty gleam of their skins between the tree-trunks, and their heads undulating high above the brush-wood. "  "And how is it, good Aylward, that there comes so much music from the town? I seem to hear a hundred trumpets, all calling in chorus. "Which is it 
to-day?" I asked,--"morphine or cocaine?"  He raised his eyes languidly from the old black-letter volume which he had opened. Partly it came no doubt from his own masterful nature, which loved to dominate and surprise those who were around him. That is just my point. Then there is the singular fact that he did not break it in the house, or immediately outside the house, if to break it was his sole object. So I sat and mused, until such dangerous thoughts came into my head that I hurried away to my desk and plunged furiously into the latest treatise upon pathology. "You don't seem to give 
much thought to the matter in hand," I said at last, interrupting Holmes' musical disquisition. '  "I was touched by this filial anxiety. He had my letter on his desk, I handed 
him the document. I have been looking up the dates in the old files of the paper, and I find that the disappearance of the pearl was exactly two days before the arrest of Beppo, for some crime of violence--an event which took place in the factory of Gelder & Co. The man's skull had been shattered by a blow from a poker delivered from behind. Our drive pulled up at a house which 
was not unlike the one which we had just quitted. "  "What then would you propose?" asked Sir Simon, shaking his grizzled head as one who is but half convinced. It seemed to me that he was making desperate efforts to restrain a convulsive attack of laughter. "So much for Mr. My nets are closing upon him, even as his are upon Sir Henry, and with your help he is already almost at my mercy. At 
half-past seven next morning, in the first glimmer of daylight, I found him standing by my bedside in his dressing-gown. Here is 
what we want. Holmes. I could not live there longer without some advice. The proof was in three long slips. "  It was an excellent hiding-place which she had arranged. But see!" Barker drew 
aside the curtain, and showed that the long, diamond-paned window was open to its full extent. It 
must be our first duty to see her--both of us--tomorrow. The murder of Stangerson was an incident which was entirely unexpected, but which could hardly in any case have been prevented. John Horner, 26, plumber, was brought up upon the charge of having upon the 22nd inst. A long silence was 
broken by a sudden exclamation from Holmes, who dashed at a cupboard, from which he emerged with a second yellow-covered volume in his hand. Looked at more closely, I should 
certainly say that it was a curious case. "'I do not know,' she answered. I thought I had lost it at the hotel. "How is it with you, lady?" he asked at last, in a 
tremulous voice. This fellow is madly, insanely, in love with her, but some two years ago, when he was only a lad, and before he really knew her, for she had been away five years at a boarding-school, what does the idiot do but get into the clutches of a barmaid in Bristol and marry her at a registry office? No one knows a word of the matter, but you can imagine how maddening it must be to him to be upbraided for not doing what he would give his very eyes to do, but what he knows to be absolutely impossible. Bird life was abundant, especially the wading 
birds, stork, heron, and ibis gathering in little groups, blue, scarlet, and white, upon every log which jutted from the bank, while beneath us the crystal water was alive with fish of every shape and color. The conclusions of every department are passed to him, and he is the central exchange, the clearinghouse, which makes out the balance. For a moment 
I had a glimpse of the human spirits behind their scientific masks. In the middle of it was the black figure of the secretary, his head advanced, peering out into the night. We slunk through the bushes in silence until we came to the very edge of the cliff, close to the old camp. "When we are up I may be able to show you that the resources of an inventive mind are not yet exhausted. Lestrade had produced two candles, and the policemen had uncovered their lanterns. Mrs. Burston, for that was her name, was an aged widow, whose whole income depended upon a small holding of this stock. None could seem more safe and secure and at her ease than this lady, yet here also was a symbol of human life, for in an instant, even as Alleyne reined aside to let the carriage pass, a wheel flew out from among its fellows, and over it all toppled--carving, tapestry and gilt--in one wild heap, with the horses plunging, the postilion shouting, and the lady screaming from within. There were ten or a dozen 
boarders there; but they were honest foremen or commonplace clerks from the stores, of a very different calibre from the young Irishman. The evidence 

of the Barrymores shows that this had been his custom. The events in question 
occurred in the early days of my association with Holmes, when we were sharing rooms as bachelors in Baker Street. "None as yet. She knocked at the door--surprise visit, I guess, for he kept his life in water-tight compartments--he let her in, couldn't keep her in the street. Mr. Angel began to call, for it was obvious that the matter should be pushed as far as it would go if a real effect were to be produced. "  "What is the next move?"  "To see Sir Henry. Wolves or watch-dogs, it was hard to say from which the 
sheep had most to fear. "'It is also my custom,' said he, smiling in the most pleasant fashion until his eyes were just two little shining slits amid the white creases of his face, 'to advance to my young ladies half their salary beforehand, so that they may meet any little expenses of their journey and their wardrobe. Frank wouldn't throw up his 
hand, though; so he followed me there, and he saw me without pa knowing anything about it. I fancy that each of us is thinking of friends that have gone before. "  "A brave piece of reasoning," cried the other, "and I know of but one reply to it. "  Lestrade began to laugh. If you get anything definite, let us have a column by Monday. The diagram upon it appears to be a plan of part of a large building with numerous halls, corridors, and passages. Sherlock Holmes would be complete which did not include some account of this very unusual affair. "   The development for which my friend had asked came in a quicker and an infinitely more tragic form than he could have imagined. "Have you had 
something to eat?  Then join me in a coffee and curacao. I had been drinking 
hard of late, and the two things together fairly turned my brain. But I weary you with my hobby. "  "The associate?"  "Ah, well, there is no great mystery in that. As the whirl of dust drew nearer to the solitary bluff upon which the two castaways were reposing, the canvas-covered tilts of waggons and the figures of armed horsemen began to show up through the haze, and the apparition revealed itself as being a great caravan upon its journey for the West. It was pitch dark and very oppressive under his hood. "  "There is no clue?" said Gregson. You must escort her home. Sherlock Holmes, 
you will have no reason to complain of niggardly treatment. They consisted of a couple of comfortable bed-rooms and a single large airy sitting-room, cheerfully furnished, and illuminated by two broad windows. I am not a very heavy sleeper, and the anxiety in my mind tended, no doubt, to make me even less so than usual. In appearance 
he was a man of exceedingly aristocratic type, thin, high-nosed, and large-eyed, with languid and yet courtly manners. "  I may have remarked before that Holmes had, when he liked, a peculiarly ingratiating way with women, and that he very readily established terms of confidence with them. And yet I would have trusted him as I trust myself. "If your lordship will graciously permit me to open my mouth, 
I shall be happy to express my sentiments," said he, with elaborate sarcasm. "  It seemed hopeless to pursue the inquiry any farther, but it was clear that in spite of Holmes's ruse we had no proof that Barrymore had not been in London all the time. "I'll choose my own time, mister. I call him mine, but really old Toller, my groom, is the only man who can do anything with him. In reply to her inquiries, he said that he could not sleep 
on account of his anxiety about the horses, and that he intended to walk down to the stables to see that all was well. "The nets are all in place, and 
the drag is about to begin. Forfeit, my good Mr. 'I never heard of it,' said I. "  "John Clayton, 3 Turpey Street, the Borough. Like a dado round the room was the jutting line of splendid heavy game-heads, the best of their sort from every quarter of the world, with the rare white rhinoceros of the Lado Enclave drooping its supercilious lip above them all. He was within 
three yards of us, this sinister figure, and I had braced myself to meet his spring, before I realized that he had no idea of our presence. In the first place, you are probably aware that two years ago I made a journey to South America--one which will be classical in the scientific history of the world?  The object of my journey was to verify some conclusions of Wallace and of Bates, which could only be done by observing their reported facts under the same conditions in which they had themselves noted them. "  "My dear fellow, I would not miss it for anything. I went in the shape of a 
loafer to Sir George's house, managed to pick up an acquaintance with his valet, learned that his master had cut his head the night before, and, finally, at the expense of six shillings, made all sure by buying a pair of his cast-off shoes. The story of the Stapletons could no longer be withheld from him, but he took the blow bravely when he learned the truth about the woman whom he had loved. It is a creature walking erect upon three-toed feet, and occasionally putting one of its five-fingered forepaws upon the ground. "And 
shall again, camarade, I doubt not. Now you, with this sporting pose of yours--"  "No, no, don't call it a pose. I had two completed letters already waiting. "  "For example?" asked Summerlee, with a sneer; but Lord John hastened to change the conversation. It chanced, however, that a knight of Poitou, Sir Gaston d'Estelle, was staying there on his way back from Lithuania, where he had served a term with the Teutonic knights under the land-master of the presbytery of Marienberg. Let me describe exactly the scene as we saw it upon that misty March morning. Sure am I that 
Sir Nigel would be blithe at such a match. I know every move of your game. Of course, you will say: 'Why 
not take police precautions against him?' the reason is that I am well convinced that it is from his agents the blow will fall. "It is a lovely evening, my dear Watson," said a 
well-known voice. I imagine that you saw all that I did. "  She had turned a dreadful colour, the more ghastly under the dark dust-streaks upon her face. It was as if we were bathers, up to our shoulders 
in water, who suddenly are submerged by a rolling wave. Strong as a lion--witness the blow that bent that poker! Six foot three in height, active as a squirrel, dexterous with his fingers, finally, remarkably quick-witted, for this whole ingenious story is of his concoction. He ran 
once, but the long gown clogged him so that he slowed down into a shambling walk, and finally plumped into the heather once more. It has nothing to do with the main fact--can't have, on 
the face of it. "The man married a woman very much older than himself for her money," said he, "and he enjoyed the use of the money of the daughter as long as she lived with them. It was some distance off, where a 
winding passage leads to a great empty hall, the brick walls of which were all crumbling to pieces. "We have retained these things for some days," said Holmes, "because we expected to see an advertisement from you giving your address. " He put his hand over part of the map. "  Phelps seized his hand and kissed it. Holmes sprang frantically across the room and pushed at the door. He thought I should brood over it if I knew all, and so he was silent. "  We filled in the time by opening one of our food tins and making sure of our breakfast. "  "Can you, then, tell me the name of any woman whose initials are L. Beyond the 
fact that he was a middle-sized man and dressed in some dark stuff, we have no personal clue; but we are making energetic inquiries, and if he is a stranger we shall soon find him out. Von Bork laughed. "Well, I never!" said he. "  "Yes. Watson and I will come round in time. Is there a crime to be done, a paper to be abstracted, we will say, a house to be rifled, a man to be removed--the word is passed to the Professor, the matter is organized and carried out. He is making notes and consulting books at the central table, as calmly as if years of placid work lay before him. Norbury, a lean, silent man, had been to those parts before, and sat his horse with a rigid neck; but the two young squires gazed eagerly to right or left, and plucked each other's sleeves to call attention to the many strange things on every side of them. The three Sikhs 
got penal servitude for life, and I was condemned to death, though my sentence was afterwards commuted into the same as the others. He turned as I drew my chair up to him. '  "'No, no, we should have him loitering here always. "  "Only five have passed. Holmes, but you understand that as long as I live at home I don't wish to be a burden to them, and so they have the use of the money just while I am staying with them. "You can come up, and I am sorry if my precautions have annoyed you. Imagine, then, my feelings 
when in the seaman who came to us I recognized instantly the man who had been picked off the wreck. "   It had cleared in the morning, and the sun was shining with a subdued brightness through the dim veil which hangs over the great city. I took up the envelope and saw scrawled in red ink upon the inner flap, just above the gum, the letter K three times repeated. In my own mind I had determined that if I were sure, from the rigidity of his gaze, that it had caught his eye, I would at once spring out, throw my great coat over his head, pinion him, and leave the rest to Holmes. "You'll 
kill the man," said he. By the table, in a wooden arm-chair, the master of the 
house was seated all in a heap, with his head sunk upon his left shoulder, and that ghastly, inscrutable smile upon his face. I saw him start, and he was 
evidently as surprised as I. Even when she was just a baby her wee hand seemed 
to lead me down the right path as nothing else had ever done. "Austin!" said his master. 
"Still a quarter of an hour," said he. Was your baggage aboard the ship?"  "Some of it, but the main part at the hotel. The Singular Experience of Mr. 
The oaths and secrets of this brotherhood were frightful, but once within its rule no escape was possible. "  "It missed him, then?"  "Yes, sir; for he had started to England just before it arrived. "  "Nay, but not upon another man's shield. "Because I order it. 'I had almost 
made up my mind to sleep on the moor, when I saw the light of your lantern. A cycle map of the 
county lay on his bedroom table. The one, austere, high-nosed, eagle-eyed, and dominant, was none other than the illustrious Lord Bellinger, twice Premier of Britain. "I don't know that I 
have anything else to tell you. To his sombre and cynical spirit all popular applause was always abhorrent, and nothing amused him more at the end of a successful case than to hand over the actual exposure to some orthodox official, and to listen with a mocking smile to the general chorus of misplaced congratulation. It was 
McArdle speaking from London. "  "A large foot or a small?"  "You could not distinguish. "  "The tip was guarded by a disk of cork which we found beside his body," said the Inspector. "  Holmes raised his eyebrows in surprise. ' On the very evening upon which I had 
his answer, Hilton Cubitt sent me the last message from Slaney. At the same 
instant the man stumbled forward upon his knees, and lay lifeless upon the deck, a blood-stained feather jutting out from his back. Here were the high stewards of Aquitaine, of Saintonge, of La Rochelle, of Quercy, of Limousin, of Agenois, of Poitou, and of Bigorre, with the banners and musters of their provinces. He 
is----"  "My lord," cried Don Martin, "I cannot stand there to hear such words of my master. Now, in this case there was not the slightest doubt in my mind from the first that the key of the whole matter must be looked for in the scrap of paper in the dead man's hand. ADVENTURE II. THE 
RED-HEADED LEAGUE  I had called upon my friend, Mr. But I am a caballero of Aragon, Don Sancho Penelosa, and, though I be no king, I am yet ready to pay a fitting price for my ransom. But now, before we part, I want you to write a note to Mr. Law or no law, I have a mind to loose a bolt at her. 'I could not bear the disgrace. It was a surprise to me, 
therefore, to hear him asking Holmes in an eager voice whether he had made any advance in his reconstruction of this mysterious episode. But Godfrey was the 
heir to this crabbed old nobleman, and it was quite certain that the news of his marriage would have been the end of his inheritance. "But we had no trouble of 
any kind. Dear, dear, one of the oldest families in the county of Norfolk, and one of the most honoured. "I guess you are the daughter of John Ferrier," he remarked, "I saw you ride down from his house. It has been bought by the State & Merton 
County Railroad Company. "That was bad enough, but worse was to come. "  "You'll come with me to-night?"  "When you like and where you like. "Now, McMurdo!" said McGinty when they were 
alone. "I should apologize. Forrester's poker. "  There was in the front a 
thick and broad hasp, wrought in the image of a sitting Buddha. With tingling nerves but a fixed purpose, I sat in the dark recess of the hut and waited with sombre patience for the coming of its tenant. ' He laughed as he spoke, and I saw with a thrill that his second tooth upon the left-hand side had been very badly stuffed with gold. Mr. Sherlock 
Holmes," he said, stepping into the room and handing my friend the letter. "  "From East London. This throws new light upon the matter. He caught me first 
by the wrist and then by the throat. In front of this creature was an absurd mannikin, or dwarf, in human form, who stood staring at it. These are the folk who must be your very special study. The child was pale and wan, but her healthy arms and legs showed that she had suffered less than her companion. I do not myself know where he lived, or 
how. 'We have sworn it. "  "But why can't you love me, Gladys?  Is it my appearance, or what?"  She did unbend a little. "  Some three hours or so afterwards we were all in the train together, bound from Reading to the little Berkshire village. "As long as I 
have my trousers I have a hip-pocket, and as long as I have my hip-pocket I have something in it. If he 
thought he could keep me off by staying indoors he was very much mistaken. Near the window his wife was crouching, her 
head leaning against the wall. On the other, the plans of the Bruce-Partington submarine are presumably already on the Continent. It was not until Tranter, 
giving back before the other's fiery rush, was upon the very brink, that a general cry warned him of his danger. Then, clutching it in his hand, he vanished through a door-way. Ma foi! you have not seen a 
drove of Nithsdale raiders on their Galloway nags, or you would not speak of loving them. Others, again, spoke of some early love affair, and of a fair-haired girl who had pined away on the shores of the Atlantic. "  The young clerk smiled at his companion's earnestness. I looked about for a 
stone to beat out his brains with, but none could I see. "  He hurried for the door, and knocked in his peculiar way. All, or nearly all, had their heads 
pointed outwards, showing how the terrified men of the city had at the last moment made a vain endeavor to rejoin their families in the suburbs or the country. "Wherever there are knocks going there is Sammy in the heart of it. We were shown into the morning-room. "Your neighbor is a doctor," said he, nodding at the 
brass plate. For years past I have continually been conscious of some power behind the malefactor, some deep organizing power which forever stands in the way of the law, and throws its shield over the wrong-doer. The fat, red-faced gleeman, the listening group, the archer with upraised finger beating in time to the music, and the huge sprawling figure of Hordle John, all thrown into red light and black shadow by the flickering fire in the centre--memory was to come often lovingly back to it. "His wife!" she cried. "Oh, Jack, you are in danger!"  "Sure, it is not very bad, my sweetheart. "  "Yes. Holmes," said Hopkins, "I do not know how to express my gratitude. Lord 
John is sleeping also, his long body doubled up sideways in a basket-chair. Holmes--a grievous disappointment. I have no doubt that I am myself to blame. "Well, well, I must not be selfish," said he, with a smile, 
as he pushed back his chair from the breakfast-table. " He glanced up at it, and then, to our amazement, he sprang from his rock, and, seizing Summerlee by the neck, he tilted his face into the air. "What do you 
think of that, Holmes?" I had read the account aloud to him, while he finished his breakfast. Some little time ago he purchased from Morse Hudson two duplicate plaster casts of the famous head of Napoleon by the French sculptor, Devine. We may take it, then, that she does not carry it about with her. "  "And how?"  "In notes to Camberwell post office. "  "My brother is very anxious to have the Hall inhabited, for he thinks it is for the good of the poor folk upon the moor. As I glanced at the box I noticed, with a start, that upon the lid was printed the treble K which I had read in the morning upon the envelope. "So, gentlemen," said he, "you have attained your end and have 
certainly chosen a particularly delicate moment for your intrusion. I tell you, Watson, 
I've only known her these few weeks, but from the first I just felt that she was made for me, and she, too--she was happy when she was with me, and that I'll swear. It was 
a mighty consolation to us all to know that you were runnin' loose and had the archives in your keepin'. His eyes rolled upwards, his 
features writhed in agony, and with a suppressed groan he dropped on his face upon the ground. I was too shaken to go to bed again, however, so I dressed, and as soon as it was daylight I slipped down, got a dog-cart at the Crown Inn, which is opposite, and drove to Leatherhead, from whence I have come on this morning with the one object of seeing you and asking your advice. One of these appeared to leak or to have been broken, for a stream of dark-colored liquid had trickled out from it, and the air was heavy with a peculiarly pungent, tar-like odor. His eyes blazed at you and held you at his mercy. Finally he sprang from his chair with a cry of satisfaction, and walked up and down the room rubbing his hands together. "You should not have taken such a risk!" we 
all cried. He stooped to the fire, picked up a blazing branch, and slipped in an instant through a sallyport which he had made in our gateway. To speak plainly, the matter 
implicates the great House of Ormstein, hereditary kings of Bohemia. "I was already convinced, or almost 
convinced, that John Straker went down to the stables in the dead of the night and took out Silver Blaze. 
Barrymore himself to complain. It might be thought that as a member, all the 
doings of the society would be told to him; but he was soon to discover that the organization was wider and more complex than the simple lodge. "A very commonplace little 
murder," said he. "By George!" he added. "I'll chance it," he cried. "I'll blow 
your face in if you lay a hand on me. PART I. "Nothing of the sort," said the Professor, severely. I sat 
helpless and unhappy, staring into the fire. The few hours that had passed since he saw the Abbey tower stretched out in his memory until they outgrew whole months of the stagnant life of the cloister. "What object 
is served by this circle of misery and violence and fear?  It must tend to some end, or else our universe is ruled by chance, which is unthinkable. "  "Every success to your investigation, be the criminal who it may," answered the nobleman, as he bowed us out the door. The average height is rather below four feet, although many full-grown adults may be found who are very much smaller than this. "It might be a winding sheet," 
said Mrs. I took to adding on little sentences of my own to each question, innocent ones at first, to test whether either of our companions knew anything of the matter, and then, as I found that they showed no signs I played a more dangerous game. Following his example, we threw ourselves upon it with all our weight. "Brenda Tregennis," said he. "There is surely something more 
than that," said he; "some underlying suggestion of the tragic and the terrible. There is ever some cursed sheepskin in their strong boxes to prove that the rich man should be richer and the poor man poorer. As to the candle, and the blood, and the 
writing on the wall, and the ring, they may all be so many tricks to throw the police on to the wrong scent. The evident anxiety of the man, the appearance 
of his attendant, and the joint care with which they defended their concealed possession, excited the interest of the two young Englishmen who walked within hand-touch of them. Sure, have we not tried it often enough in the lawcourts? I expect the big companies will find it easier to pay than to fight, same as the little companies do. Through the gateway we passed 
into the avenue, where the wheels were again hushed amid the leaves, and the old trees shot their branches in a sombre tunnel over our heads. "I am sorry to knock you up so early, Doctor," 
said he, "but I have had a very serious accident during the night. "Be it so," said he. "It 
was about three, or a little after, yesterday afternoon that the world finally entered the poison belt to the extent of being completely submerged. There was only one thing in it, but I am sure that you would never guess what it was. I had promised when he first wrote that I would not try to trace him. From the police point of view he will have kidnapped the boy for the purpose of ransom. 'Regent Street!  Regent Street!' 
sounded the voices. I rapidly overtook it, and then, keeping at a discreet distance of a hundred yards or so, I followed its lights until we were clear of the town. In this great district 
the wild rubber tree flourishes, and has become, as in the Congo, a curse to the natives which can only be compared to their forced labor under the Spaniards upon the old silver mines of Darien. Both of the women concerned in the case, Mrs. Rows of very ancient yew trees cut into strange designs girded it round. Beneath its shade there sat a stout and elderly lady in a pink cote-hardie, leaning back among a pile of cushions, and plucking out her eyebrows with a small pair of silver tweezers. "What can I do that is good? Here I must bide, and talk and sew and spin, and spin and sew and talk. "  He beamed at us with the old paternal smile, but European science would have been somewhat amazed could they have seen their chosen child, the hope of the future, with his tangled, unkempt head, his bare chest, and his tattered clothes. "  Holmes took the glasses in his hand. "How, in the name of good-fortune, did 
you know all that, Mr. "They were on his tray this morning. 'We are in a civilised land here, and we can't have tomfoolery of this kind. "  "You have saved more than us," said John, pointing to the banner which leaned against the rock behind him. We all stopped to examine that monstrous 
spoor. "  I turned it over in my mind. Where were you when you began to feel bad?"  "Where was I, sir? Why, here, near the door. Of course, it is obvious that it 
is music. I don't think they would touch Challenger, but I wouldn't answer for Summerlee. It was in real 
truth our only hope. And then suddenly we perceived something which filled us with new hope. There was a hansom just in front of me, and he hailed it. When I say that I started my 
pilgrimage at Chicago, graduated in an Irish secret society at Buffalo, gave serious trouble to the constabulary at Skibbareen, and so eventually caught the eye of a subordinate agent of Von Bork, who recommended me as a likely man, you will realize that the matter was complex. He proved to be a 
blackguard and deserted her. "By my hilt! mon gar. Watson, if you can spare the time, I should be very glad of your company. "  "Nay, my fair lord," quoth Aylward. For the purposes of my investigation, I 
think that it would be wiser for me to remain at the scene of the mystery. "Come hither, 
good youth," he cried, "come hither! _Vultus ingenui puer_. But the many whose lives he had ruined, whose nearest and dearest had suffered torture and death at his hands, would not let the matter rest. It reads almost as though it were an appointment. The question is, at what hour did we pass out from it?"  "The air was very bad at daybreak," said I. Simon. It was only after a painful and prolonged scene that she was ejected by the butler and the footman. Had he done well to say so much, or had he not done better to have said more? What would the knight have said had he confessed to his love for the Lady Maude? Would he cast him off in disgrace, or might he chide him as having abused the shelter of his roof? It had been ready upon his tongue to tell him all when Sir Oliver had broken in upon them. It's 
the last that have the worst of it. He then had it returned and obtained another--a most instructive incident, since it proved conclusively to my mind that we were dealing with a real hound, as no other supposition could explain this anxiety to obtain an old boot and this indifference to a new one. "Well, there's no use my telling you 
gentlemen what came of the Indian mutiny. There was also a silver cigarette-case, with "J. "  "You left your door open?"  "I locked up the papers first. To the last gasp he would always be the master. Yet it is not every question that she can answer, but only those----"  "Bertrand, Bertrand!" cried the lady in the same muttering far-away voice, "the blessed hour passes. "I say, Malone," said he, "do you remember 
that place where those beasts were?"  "Very clearly. I assure you that your little problem promises to be the most interesting which has come my way for some months. A man appears from behind the curtain. Start her up, Watson, for it's time that we were on our way. You can stand right back and let me run it. I brought the paper back with me, and thought of destroying it, since I could see no way of returning it without confessing my guilt to my husband. You'll look silly, 
some o' these days, when someone comes along an' sneaks the honey. "Well, Watson," said he, "it is time 
we went down to St. "  He examined the lock of the safe, the door of the room, and finally the iron shutters of the window. That's clear enough, for the stains lie above each other--if you lay it over this way. " That was after the 
execution of Charles. I really had not the energy to follow it up save in a very incomplete fashion, but it gave me a basis for some pleasing speculation. If it had not been for her coming, I should not have known where his hiding-place was. I 
know that everything was turning round, and the words of the clergyman were just like the buzz of a bee in my ear. But it was not the sight 

of her body, nor yet was it that of the body of Hugo 

Baskerville lying near her, which raised the hair upon 

the heads of these three dare-devil roysterers, but it 

was that, standing over Hugo, and plucking at his throat, 

there stood a foul thing, a great, black beast, shaped 

like a hound, yet larger than any hound that ever mortal 

eye has rested upon. That's why I want to get over the water as soon as you do. The hundred waiting miners stood as motionless and helpless as if they were paralyzed. The latter, unable to escape from the shower of blows, set spurs to his mule and rode for his life, with his enemy thundering behind him. She had some reason to be disgusted with me now, and the gap between us began to be wider and wider. "Why on earth should two men write a letter in such a fashion?"  "Obviously the business was a bad one, and one of the men who distrusted the other was determined that, whatever was done, each should have an equal hand in it. Was it taken from him in order to conceal the station from which he came?  It is possible. I closed the curtain, feeling 
that my last impression was in keeping with the rest. We had plenty of money ourselves. "I took it up and examined it. My twin-brother Bartholomew and I were the only children. Paralysis of business 
and universal chaos. "Challenger!" I cried. My companion was a powerful, broad-shouldered young fellow, and, apart from the weapon, I should not have had the slightest chance in a struggle with him. I would also urge that the introduction into the case of a document relating to large masses of valuable securities gives us for the first time some indication of a motive for the crime. He had hardly completed his arrangements before the farmer returned with his daughter all dressed and ready for a start. I tried again and again to make my 
Sikhs talk, but without much success. He would withdraw all opposition upon his part if I would promise for three months to let the matter rest and to be content with cultivating the lady's friendship during that time without claiming her love. "In Brixton Road, this morning," it ran, "a plain gold wedding ring, found in the roadway between the 'White Hart' Tavern and Holland Grove. I am a journalist on the Gazette. There were no papers or memoranda in the murdered man's pocket, except a single telegram, dated from Cleveland about a month ago, and containing the words, 'J. Speaking roughly, T, A, O, I, N, S, H, R, D, and L are the numerical order in which letters occur, but T, A, O, and I are very nearly abreast of each other, and it would be an endless task to try each combination until a meaning was arrived at. He sprang round, and I could see in the gas-light that every vestige of colour had been driven from his face. Lal Chowdar shook his head and smiled. "  "You mean well, Watson," said the sick man with something between a sob and a groan. It racks itself to pieces. Holmes. "  "It is my business. You are engaged, as I understand, to dine with our friends the Stapletons tonight. "Already, you see," said he. "If this is bluff upon 
your part, Mr. It is not upon this occasion the instrument of evil, but it will rather prove to be the key which will unlock our mystery. I sprang forward therefore, and Sir Henry did the same. You look at these scattered houses, and you are impressed by their beauty. Is a man of my weight and substance to be thrown aside for the first three half-grown lads who have learned the trick of the tilt-yard? But hark ye, coz, I think of sending my cartel also to the prince. "  As he spoke the attendant cantered up the grassy enclosure, and pulling up his steed in front of the royal stand, blew a second fanfare upon his bugle. Shall I ever forget the look which came over his face when the first warning pangs told him that the poison was in his system? I laughed as I saw it, and held Lucy's marriage ring in front of his eyes. This family consisted 
of only two individuals--John Douglas and his wife. " She shuddered and buried her face in her hands. I could see that she was pretty, and from the gloss with which the light shone upon her dark dress I knew that it was a rich material. In it he told the young man of the imminent danger which threatened them, and how necessary it was that he should return. "  I have so deep a respect for the extraordinary qualities of Holmes that I have always deferred to his wishes, even when I least understood them. Would you think me impertinent if I were to put your theories to a more severe test?"  "On the contrary," he answered, "it would prevent me from taking a second dose of cocaine. 

The Lost World   

By  

SIR ARTHUR CONAN DOYLE  

COPYRIGHT, 1912    

Foreword  

Mr. I dare say E. "It is my treasure; and if I can't have the loot I'll take darned good care that no one else does. He looked round him in 
surprise as he emerged into the clear, starlit night. "  "He had lost them all, sir, except the one which was in his blow-pipe at the time. He and the housekeeper, Mrs. But how could I know--how could I know--that he would risk his life alone upon the moor in the face of all my warnings?"  "That we should have heard his screams--my God, those screams!--and yet have been unable to save him! Where is this brute of a hound which drove him to his death? It may be lurking among these rocks at this instant. Heavily 
built and massive, there was a suggestion of uncouth physical inertia in the figure, but above this unwieldy frame there was perched a head so masterful in its brow, so alert in its steel-gray, deep-set eyes, so firm in its lips, and so subtle in its play of expression, that after the first glance one forgot the gross body and remembered only the dominant mind. "I want you to take back what 
you've said, or else make it good. "LORD JOHN ROXTON:  'Is this fellow calling me a 
liar?' (Uproar. Honour is a mediaeval conception. "  "And who do you expect will answer this advertisement. "  Holmes picked up the key, and looked at it for an instant, then he handed it back. Choosing the latter alternative, I began by making up my mind to leave the hotel, and to take up my quarters in some less pretentious and less expensive domicile. "  "How did you deduce the select?"  "By the select prices. "No, sir, Dr. R. ' may have been his client. He has made it for himself. "  Holmes cast a swift glance of triumph at me. Sometimes he was making progress 
and whistled and sang at his work; sometimes he was puzzled, and would sit for long spells with a furrowed brow and a vacant eye. "I must explain to you, 
Mr. "  "Who are you, sir?"  "I am Cyril Overton. Holmes. " He scribbled the appointment on his shirt-cuff and hurried off in his strange, peering, absent-minded fashion. "  "My dear and honored master," cried Nigel, in great anxiety, "I fear me much that in your gentleness of heart you are straining this vow which you have taken. As her medical adviser, I cannot possibly take the responsibility of allowing anyone to see her. Let us follow it out to the bitter end. Watson. "  "Glad to meet you, sir. '  "'Anything else?' he asked, smiling. "What!"  "Yes, indeed. Master always wore his plain gold wedding ring on the little finger of his left hand. It must have been the case, then, that the man in the waiting-room had, for some unknown reason, while I was busy with the other, ascended to the room of my resident patient. "  "'Tis the law of the 'Pied Merlin,'" shouted another. A footman opened the door, and a small, stout man in a shaggy astrakhan overcoat descended. "The medical officer of health for Brighton," said he when he 
returned. I reflected as I walked that few men in the world could have spent a stranger night or added more to human knowledge in the course of it. Down 
swooped the great cog into the narrow channel which was the portal to safety. "  "Have you formed any opinion?"  "As far as I can see, the man has been driven out of his senses by fright. "   I met him accordingly next morning and we traveled down to Woking together. Six great land battles I count, with four upon sea, and seven and fifty onfalls, skirmishes and bushments. That blocks this end. You will now be 
present at the last scene of a remarkable little drama. It follows, therefore, that Barrymore, since only this window would serve the purpose, must have been looking out for something or somebody upon the moor. "  "There is little merit in this confession," quoth the bailiff sternly. Now, 
thank God, I am beyond their power forever. '  "'Where have you been?' I asked, more sternly. Mortimer. "  "But Dr. "Read on, I pray you. "  "Gone, eh!" said the little girl. The expression of his face froze the attention of the audience. Now, Miss Violet, what has happened 
to you, near Farnham, on the borders of Surrey?"  The young lady, with great clearness and composure, made the following curious statement:  "My father is dead, Mr. Come along, my dear fellow, for it's an urgent call. "  Holmes smiled indulgently. "I would I had been at the side of her!"  "And so would I, since you would have been the nearer me my own. "'Of course, 
we had the drags at once, and set to work to recover the remains, but no trace of the body could we find. The lad, then, HAD a 
companion in his flight. '  "'What do you call purely nominal?'  "'Well, you have to be in the office, or at least in the building, the whole time. How came the letter back in the box?"  Holmes turned away smiling from the keen scrutiny of those wonderful eyes. It could very well have fitted into his valise. " He took up the paper in a listless way, but his attention instantly became riveted, and he gave a little cry of satisfaction. "  "That would be unnecessary. "I am a connoisseur," said he, taking another 
cigarette from the box--his fourth--and lighting it from the stub of that which he had finished. Further, he had become a man of experience, was counted brave among brave men, had won the esteem and confidence of her father, and, above all, had been listened to by him when he told him the secret of his love. Finally he lit his pipe, and sitting in the inglenook of the old village inn he talked slowly and at random about his case, rather as one who thinks aloud than as one who makes a considered statement. Yet I would fain have had the feather-bed. She taxed her husband with his intended crime, and a furious scene followed in which he showed her for the first time that she had a rival in his love. "Come now, 
Bannister," said Holmes. "There is nothing there, no sign that anyone has landed--but why should he leave any sign?"  "Exactly. I understand, however, from the inquest that there were some objects which you failed to overlook?"  The young inspector winced at my companion's ironical comments. "  "I would I had your eyes," said Sir Nigel, blinking at the pirate galleys. We know there has been a presentation. "That's the result of all our 
Study in Scarlet: to get them a testimonial!"  "Never mind," I answered, "I have all the facts in my journal, and the public shall know them. A minute later came the shaggy deer-hounds, a dozen or fourteen of them, running on a hot scent, with nose to earth and tail in air. Thus, then, friend Mac in his report:   

THE NEW WORLD 

GREAT MEETING AT THE QUEEN'S HALL 

SCENES OF UPROAR 

EXTRAORDINARY INCIDENT 

WHAT WAS IT? 

NOCTURNAL RIOT IN REGENT STREET 

(Special)   "The much-discussed meeting of the Zoological Institute, convened to hear the report of the Committee of Investigation sent out last year to South America to test the assertions made by Professor Challenger as to the continued existence of prehistoric life upon that Continent, was held last night in the greater Queen's Hall, and it is safe to say that it is likely to be a red letter date in the history of Science, for the proceedings were of so remarkable and sensational a character that no one present is ever likely to forget them. Behind them might still be seen the broad estuary of the Gironde, with the high towers of Saint Andre and Saint Remi shooting up from the plain. Well, after the murder I calculated that Beppo would probably hurry rather than delay his movements. The three Sikhs got penal servitude for life, and I was condemned to death, though my sentence was afterwards commuted into the same as the others. "  Lestrade took out his official notebook and refreshed his memory from its pages. "John Rance," he said. "  "No. "  "Ha! Would there be any objection, Mr. "Have you your stethoscope? Might I ask you--would you have the kindness?  I have grave doubts as to my mitral valve, if you would be so very good. The matter passed, however, and my father entered into possession of the estate, and of some 14,000 pounds, which lay to his credit at the bank. It was equally conceivable that he had shot her and then himself, or that she had been the criminal, for the revolver lay upon the floor midway between them. It was a large square room, looking all the larger from the 
absence of all furniture. Here is a condensation of a few of them:--  The _Daily Telegraph_ remarked that in the history of crime there had seldom been a tragedy which presented stranger features. So long as he was 
free in London, my life would really not have been worth living. Rucastle, showing me a slit between two planks. It is my nature. Just toss it over to me. I tell you that you will 
never beat me. "  "Oh, well; of course, if you and father have arranged it all, there's no more to be said," she whispered, with her cheek against his broad breast. I suppose they were ten miles off from me, yet even at that distance one could observe how, from time to time, they twinkled or were obscured as someone passed before them. "You will give us time," he said 
at last. Douglas, who was coming down the stairs. "  "The practice is quiet," said I, "and I have an accommodating neighbor. "  In a condensed narrative the astonished Austin was told what had happened to himself and the world. Such a yell of welcome broke forth when his black beard first protruded round the corner that I began to suspect Tarp Henry was right in his surmise, and that this assemblage was there not merely for the sake of the lecture, but because it had got rumored abroad that the famous Professor would take part in the proceedings. In a fortnight the boy was quite at home with us and was apparently absolutely happy. It was certain from the first, however, that they 
would eventually be detected, as the cook, from the evidence of one or two tradespeople who have caught a glimpse of him through the window, was a man of most remarkable appearance--being a huge and hideous mulatto, with yellowish features of a pronounced negroid type. "  "But why this elaborate deception?"  "Because he foresaw that she would be very much more useful to him in the character of a free woman. This lady is a musician. He will have it all in his rag to-morrow, and sell an extra dozen among our neighbors. "  "It is simple enough as you explain it," I said, smiling. "What do you make of 
it?"  I stooped to the hole, and recoiled in horror. "This complicates matters," 
said Gregson. "'We'll soon have a light,' I said, striking a match and putting 
it to a wax candle which I had brought with me. It had seemed simple enough at a distance. As we entered he made neither sound 
nor motion. "  "Now, tell me, Dr. Jabez Wilson started up in his chair, with his forefinger upon the paper, but his eyes upon my companion. But you have a long road before you. Moulton, for I am one of those who believe that the folly of a monarch and the blundering of a minister in far-gone years will not prevent our children from being some day citizens of the same world-wide country under a flag which shall be a quartering of the Union Jack with the Stars and Stripes. His eyes looked 
malignantly at me, and his gray whiskers bristled like those of an angry cat. "It cannot much matter to him whether it is early or late for the orchids. "  Holmes rose and tossed the end of his cigarette into the grate. "  "Then we must take that as our working hypothesis. Lestrade, of Scotland Yard, 
looks upon as so serious. "  "There is Sir Charles's death. Simon said something about 'jumping a claim. "  "And yet it was one thing to laugh about it in London, and it is another to stand out here in the darkness of the moor and to hear such a cry as that. He deals with no niggard hand. "'Not at all. Au revoir, and good-morning!"  We heard the steps of our visitors descend the stair and the bang of the front door. I could see him throw out his chest and stroke his beard as he looked at it. Whatever they do, they will have followers. I am so sorry about it. There is no prospect of danger, or I should not dream of stirring out without you. Why, bless my soul! here is her carriage at the door. There's some of them thinks that when 'e was up among those monsters you wrote about, it was just ''Ome, Sweet 'Ome' for the master, and 'e was never in fitter company. It was the severity of Holmes's manner and the fact that he slipped a revolver into his pocket before leaving our rooms which impressed me with the feeling that tragedy might prove to lurk behind this curious train of events. Then she 
walked back into the house, the happiest girl in all Utah. Halfway down 

this walk there is a gate which leads out on to the moor. It was agreed that I should write home full accounts of my adventures in the shape of successive letters to McArdle, and that these should either be edited for the Gazette as they arrived, or held back to be published later, according to the wishes of Professor Challenger, since we could not yet know what conditions he might attach to those directions which should guide us to the unknown land. It happened that my way took me past the cottage, and I stopped for an instant to look at the windows, and to see if I could catch a glimpse of the strange face which had looked out at me on the day before. When we reached it, all doubt was removed. "  "Pray proceed. "I think, Watson, we cannot do better. Holmes, to tell us that. How many men have fallen?"  "I have pricked off the tally," said Aylward, who had come aboard with his lord. They say that away down in the village, and even in the distant parsonage, that cry raised the sleepers from their beds. The old driver was hanging over the splash-board like some grotesque scarecrow, his arms dangling absurdly in front of him. The long sweep of green water roaring forever down, and the thick flickering curtain of spray hissing forever upward, turn a man giddy with their constant whirl and clamor. "It's a mongoose," I cried. Your dad says amen to every word he says. 
I told her frankly that I wished to see who it was who played such absurd tricks upon us. When it comes to beating the subjects in the dissecting-rooms with a stick, it is certainly taking rather a bizarre shape. He is learned in old manorial and communal rights, and 
he applies his knowledge sometimes in favour of the villagers of Fernworthy and sometimes against them, so that he is periodically either carried in triumph down the village street or else burned in effigy, according to his latest exploit. He would never go where other men were if he could help it. "It appeared in all the papers about a year ago. There was a family quarrel about 
money which estranged this man Mortimer, but it was supposed to be made up, and I afterwards met him as I did the others. "  "It is well," said he, and with a shake of the bridle rode on down the woodland path. Over the fireplace was a magnificent trophy of weapons, one of which had been used on that tragic night. At last, however, there came an 
overwhelming desire to see the child once more. By my troth! master Ford, your friend here is in need of a cup of wine, for he hath drunk deeply of Garonne water. Let those go back who will, but I must see more of these Spaniards ere I turn. You are in a land which offers such an inducement to the ambitious naturalist as none ever has since the world began, and you suggest leaving it before we have acquired more than the most superficial knowledge of it or of its contents. Looking upwards, we could see no sign of movement above us amidst the green jungle which topped the cliff. "  One after the other we made our way into a large apartment, which was evidently that in which Mr. A huge driving-wheel and a shaft half-filled with 
rubbish showed the position of an abandoned mine. Shall be glad if you will come with 
me. If he be indeed an ungodly and violent man, there is the more need that I should seek him out and see whether I cannot turn him to better ways. You are aware that Johann Faber is the most common maker's name. "I am a bachelor," said he, "and being 
of a sociable turn I cultivate a large number of friends. I will stake it all on the fact that your story is an absolute fabrication. The talk of laborer, woodman and villein in the inn had all pointed to the wide-spread mutiny, and now his brother's name was spoken as though he were the very centre of the universal discontent. To carry the art, however, 
to its highest pitch, it is necessary that the reasoner should be able to utilise all the facts which have come to his knowledge; and this in itself implies, as you will readily see, a possession of all knowledge, which, even in these days of free education and encyclopaedias, is a somewhat rare accomplishment. Then, horrified by what he had done, he fled out of the hut, dropping the notebook which he had brought with him in order to question Peter Carey about these different securities. | 

|                ----                   | 

|  Visitors, Pressmen, and Mendicants   | 

|        are not encouraged. I went on cabbing it for a day or so, intending to 
keep at it until I could save enough to take me back to America. I opened his despatch-box, took 
the paper, and conveyed it to Godolphin Street. "  "You don't say so?"  "And found a cause for the crime. This morning I began very early, and at eight o'clock I reached Halliday's Private Hotel, in Little George Street. Then I took two lengths of a fishing-rod, which came to just six feet, and I went back with my client to where the elm had been. "And also unfrocked. Simon, I think that I have nearly all my data. I was seen by the sentinel, who would, I knew, direct the colonel's attention to my presence. Asked me every kind of question so as 
to get something. The cottage had been standing empty this eight months, and it was a pity, for it was a pretty two-storied place, with an old-fashioned porch and honeysuckle about it. The audience began to anticipate it and to roar with delight when it came. "Holmes!" I 
cried--"Holmes!"  "Come out," said he, "and please be careful with the revolver. Macaire, and on 
by ferry over the river Dorpt. I lent the ostlers a hand in rubbing down their horses, and received in exchange twopence, a glass of half and half, two fills of shag tobacco, and as much information as I could desire about Miss Adler, to say nothing of half a dozen other people in the neighbourhood in whom I was not in the least interested, but whose biographies I was compelled to listen to. You perceive that our friend, 
the Doctor, is right, and that it readily dissolves. I settled myself down in the corner of the carriage and read it very carefully. And my uncle! There was the 
footprint of the hound beside him as he lay. It is for this that these men mortify their flesh, and to set us an example, who would pamper ourselves overmuch. There were some who accused him of lukewarmness in his adopted religion, and others who put it down to greed of wealth and reluctance to incur expense. Then the door 
opened and the man stepped in. "  She was silent and her face was still very pale. I called last night, as I have already said, at the Manor House. They tied us 
up--the fellow who handled me could tie like a bosun--and there we lay with our toes up, beneath a tree, while a great brute stood guard over us with a club in his hand. "  "A medical student, I suppose?" said I. I had thought that the whole matter was forgotten. "  We all sat in silence for some little time after listening to this extraordinary narrative. That's the rifle I used against the Peruvian 
slave-drivers three years ago. He made England too hot to hold him, fled to Central America, and died there in 1876 of yellow fever. At the same instant an empty dog-cart, the horse cantering, the reins trailing, appeared round the curve of the road and rattled swiftly towards us. But the 
matter was more deadly when we came among the trees. "  "I am afraid that whatever theory we state has very grave objections to it," returned my companion. Blessington's room, the door of which they found to be locked. By St. James! a blind man might find the place, for one 
has but to get in the wind from it, and follow the savory smell. "'Well, I don't know 
now whether it was pure devilry on the part of this woman, or whether she thought that she could turn me against my wife by encouraging her to misbehave. "  "It was La Blanche Rose, maid at the sign of the 'Trois Corbeaux' at Limoges. "  "Let us see, old bag of bones; let us see what it is that you have under your arm!" They crowded in upon him, while he, ignorant of their language, could but clutch the girl with one hand and the parcel with the other, looking wildly about in search of help. "Here," said I, pointing to some matches upon the ground, "is where we lit up. 
"Fortune has been your friend. No one else, I think. "  "I am still in the dark. In this way he found the place deserted. "  "Well, I am not so clear about that, Watson, for it is evident that they must either kill her or else secure her in such a way that she could not give immediate notice of their escape. "  "What the devil d'you mean by that?" he roared with his fists clenched. "  "By my hilt! he is our master, Michel," quoth Aylward, "and such men as we do not serve under a laggart. But he hath betrayed us, and certes he hath merited a dog's death. At two in the morning the rounds passed, 
and broke for a moment the weariness of the night. The latter was known to be in 
town on Monday and is now reported as having left. Her head hung listlessly upon her breast, but as she raised it and turned her dull eyes upon us I saw that her pupils were dark dots in the centre of the broad gray iris. An occasional oil lamp at the corner of a street, or in the portico of some wealthy burgher, threw a faint glimmer over the shining cobblestones, and the varied motley crowd who, in spite of the weather, ebbed and flowed along every highway. Once or 
twice he caught the sound of his own name, and he knew that they were discussing his candidacy. Why?  Surely because there is some connection between three things--the burning, the stuffy atmosphere, and, finally, the madness or death of those unfortunate people. He had a motive in misleading us. 
"Perhaps he does. He was the favorite son, you know, and I sometimes think that my father may have told him more than he ever told me. How difficult it was to realize that the violet line upon the far horizon was well advanced to that great river upon which huge steamers ran, and folk talked of the small affairs of life, while we, marooned among the creatures of a bygone age, could but gaze towards it and yearn for all that it meant!  One other memory remains with me of this wonderful day, and with it I will close this letter. If he would confine his energies to this all would be 
well, but there are rumours that he intends to prosecute Dr. We have a cousin of his here, and I daresay he could tell you where he is. Immediately beneath the 
cliff there grew a considerable patch of high bamboo, like that which we had traversed in our journey. "This is the Dundas separation case, and, as it happens, I was engaged in clearing up some small points in connection with it. A number of lamps 
shining through tinted shades bathed the whole great room before us in a ruddy radiance. Her plump little 
white legs terminating in white socks and neat shoes with shining buckles, offered a strange contrast to the long shrivelled members of her companion. "  "I would have them live as others and do men's work in the world, preaching by their lives rather than their words. "Come in," I cried. "  "And as you value your life do not go across the moor in any direction save along the straight path which leads from Merripit House to the Grimpen Road, and is your natural way home. "Then, George, if you say so, I 
think so too," cried the lady. "  It was a very dark night, and a thin rain began to fall as we turned from the high road into a narrow lane, deeply rutted, with hedges on either side. Now let us follow the trail. But it was not destined that our investigation should 
have so adventurous an ending. "Holmes!" he cried. 'It is inevitable destruction. "  "Thrown there by Stapleton in his flight. "Let the shipman see to it. She was a placid-faced woman, with large, gentle eyes, and grizzled hair curving down over her temples on each side. "  He chuckled to himself and rubbed his long, nervous hands together. Nothing more. "Check number one," said Holmes, looking gloomily over 
the rolling expanse of the moor. He brought up a card, too, with the name of 'Colonel Lysander Stark' engraved upon it. "In the limelight to 
the last, Challenger," he remarked. Ferrier carried the bag of gold and notes, 
Jefferson Hope had the scanty provisions and water, while Lucy had a small bundle containing a few of her more valued possessions. It was on my mind that I would lay it by until 
I came to start house of mine own, and I have it now in a very safe place near Lyndhurst. Gennaro had not yet returned when he came. But he is a dirty scoundrel. "It is used by their prickers and huntsmen when the beast hath not fled, but is still in its lair. Suddenly, however, his eyes dropped upon his food, and he gave a 
howl of dismay. "  "The hussy!" cried Lady Loring clenching her broad right hand. You know the 
lie of the land best. "Is he on his own or is he entirely in with them?"  "I really don't know that I should be justified in discussing such a point. "Well, there was one thing which very soon struck me, and that was that the soldiers used always to lose and the civilians to win. The cloud was 
within fifty yards of where we lay, and we glared at it, all three, uncertain what horror was about to break from the heart of it. As I watched them Stapleton rose and left the room, 
while Sir Henry filled his glass again and leaned back in his chair, puffing at his cigar. Halfway down 

this walk there is a gate which leads out on to the moor. Then he fell back 
into an arm-chair so limp and exhausted with his own emotions that we had to pour brandy down his throat to keep him from fainting. Having done that, we may drive back to our luncheon. "He had described his household to me 
before I went there. "I can swear to one thing, and that is that we have not been shadowed during the last two days. The latter, however, received his salutations coldly, and followed him with a stern face into the sitting-room. Deceit, according to him, was an 
impossibility in the case of one trained to observation and analysis. The more I looked at his fat, frightened face, the harder did it seem that we should slay him in cold blood. Aylward rode for half a mile with his chin upon his shoulder, looking back at a white kerchief which fluttered out of the gable window of a high house which peeped over the corner of the battlements. Adventure X. The Greek Interpreter   During my long and intimate acquaintance with Mr. She was back soon with five 
steaming cups of cocoa upon a tray. Roxton and Summerlee took their position upon the right flank, while Challenger and I were on the left. "  I looked back at the platform when we had left it far behind and saw the tall, austere figure of Holmes standing motionless and gazing after us. The 
body of the French squire had been dragged out by them and hacked to pieces. Gradually the 
leaves thinned around me, and I was aware, from the wind upon my face, that I had topped all the trees of the forest. "Having conceived the idea he proceeded to carry it out with considerable finesse. The hermit frowned at the untoward noise which broke upon his prayers, but his brow relaxed as he looked upon the broad silver piece which John held out to him. When I reached this place I learned that I was wrong and that it wasn't a dime novel after all. They then did the deed with the queerest and noisiest weapon in the world so as to tell everyone what had happened--a weapon that was never seen in the house before. She's not dead--or wasn't by last accounts. "  "It is only a suggestion," said Holmes, suavely. And yet I can find my way to 
the very heart of it and return alive. CHAPTER XXIX. The Light upon the Moor [Second Report 
of Dr. "I trust that they do not mean that I have done anything to forfeit your confidence?"  Sir Henry had to assure him that it was not so and pacify him by giving him a considerable part of his old wardrobe, the London outfit having now all arrived. We had turned away from the edge, and had penetrated about 
fifty yards of close brushwood, when there came a frightful rending crash from behind us. "  In mere size and strength it was a terrible creature which was lying stretched before us. As it is, I am giving away valuable copy by telling my story over and over to a string of different people, and I can make no use of it myself. So! Now, if 
you will help me up. It is founded upon the observation of trifles. "I will confess to my crime. There is one of the very utmost importance, however. They are for the use of horses, but they are 
shaped below with a cloven foot of iron, so as to throw pursuers off the track. It was more than an hour after that I heard my mistress scream, and down I ran, to find her, poor lamb, just as she says, and him on the floor, with his blood and brains over the room. He was more than six feet high, was in the 
prime of life, had small feet for his height, wore coarse, square-toed boots and smoked a Trichinopoly cigar. So we stood hand in hand, like two children, and there was peace in our hearts for all the dark things that surrounded us. Lower Burke Street proved to be a line 
of fine houses lying in the vague borderland between Notting Hill and Kensington. There he intervened, and then it was, Colonel Walter, that to treason you added the more terrible crime of murder. It might possibly be inconvenient to me if you could find your way there again. "Your Majesty had not spoken before I was aware that I was addressing Wilhelm Gottsreich Sigismond von Ormstein, Grand Duke of Cassel-Felstein, and hereditary King of Bohemia. "  "Well, then, supposing that 'C. Now the letter:  "Dear Sir:  "With regard to our transaction, you will no doubt have observed by now that one essential detail is missing. "Tell me, Professor Coram," he said, at 
last, "what is in that cupboard in the bureau?"  "Nothing that would help a thief. 'E don't make friends with the neighbors. McMurdo made a wry face. He seized the young 
man's leathery hand and wrung it cordially. She was at the doorway, and came down to meet him. Wary and careful 
they must be, with watchful eyes to the right and the left, for this was no man's land, and their only passports were those which hung from their belts. 
"Someone has tried to force this also. Gilchrist, how you, an honourable man, 
ever came to commit such an action as that of yesterday?"  The unfortunate young man staggered back, and cast a look full of horror and reproach at Bannister. "Perhaps I had best say a few words first," said 
the vicar, "and then you can judge if you will listen to the details from Mr. I laid his offence 
before him. Put it down here. He shook them out on the table, and at once I saw by his eager face that his hopes had been raised. "  "Splendid!"  "We have an inspector who makes a specialty of Saffron Hill and the Italian Quarter. His complexion was as swarthy as that of an Italian, and his eyes were of a strange dead black, which, combined with a slight squint, gave them a particularly sinister appearance. It has been found in the front garden of an empty house in Campden House Road. "  The young clerk smiled at his companion's earnestness. As to what you tell me 
of poor Mary, it goes to my very heart. It must have whizzed between us at the instant that we fired. Save from what we heard, we cannot even swear to the existence of the latter, since Sir Henry has evidently died from the fall. A fringe of scouts was thrown out in front, and behind them the whole force in a solid column made their way up the long slope of the bush country until we were near the edge of the forest. "Done about the same time as the bell-rope?" remarked Holmes. High 
and bluff the English cog; long, black and swift the pirate galleys, like two fierce lean wolves which have seen a lordly and unsuspecting stag walk past their forest lair. McMurdo strolled up the winding path hedged in with 
evergreens until he reached the deserted restaurant which forms the centre of summer gaiety. On 
the one hand, I was definitely engaged and had a hundred pounds in my pocket; on the other, the look of the offices, the absence of name on the wall, and other of the points which would strike a business man had left a bad impression as to the position of my employers. Holmes brushed him aside without a word and, followed by all of us, rushed into the room which had been occupied by the man whom we had been watching. Nor was the fear entirely an illusion, for the barren valley was thickly strewn with trees and boulders which had fallen in a similar manner. It was a large apartment, with 
a long deal table in the centre, and the big stove at one side. As far as the death of Bartholomew Sholto went, I had heard little good of him, and could feel no intense antipathy to his murderers. From all I hear it is 
splendid pay and very little to do. How of all that, mon garcon? And how of the heap of trifles that you can see for yourselves in yonder corner? They are from the South French, every one, upon whom I have been making war. "My word, it isn't a very cheerful place," said Sir Henry. There is 
nothing to be afraid of. Put on your hat, Watson, and we will stroll down 
together to Westminster. I picked this out unburned from the back of it. Her visit was, I remember, extremely 
unwelcome to Holmes, for he was immersed at the moment in a very abstruse and complicated problem concerning the peculiar persecution to which John Vincent Harden, the well known tobacco millionaire, had been subjected. It was death--painless but 
inevitable--death for young and old, for weak and strong, for rich and poor, without hope or possibility of escape. "There is no object in our following them," said Holmes. "  "Yes, at the mines. Dinner was on the table before he appeared. He had hoped that his wife might lure Sir Charles to his ruin, but here she proved unexpectedly independent. "It is as much as my own life is worth to be seen talking with you. Luke's. Mr. Roundhay, we are entirely at your disposal. Has only one male visitor, but a good deal of him. 
" The Professors nodded. "  "All very well, Roger Harcomb," cried a burly, bull-necked young man, whose square shoulders and massive limbs told of exceptional personal strength. These are daring men, and though we shall take them at a disadvantage, they may do us some harm unless we are careful. "I should be glad, Professor Challenger," 
said he, "if you could see your way to make any remarks which may occur to you without seizing me by the chin. You can imagine my exultation, Watson, when within two inches of my peg I saw a conical depression in the ground. "Nay, I have had no scath, though I have lost my 
silver tweezers. '  "I assured him that I was not offended. "  During our return journey, I could see by Holmes's face that he was much puzzled by something which he had observed. "Who opened the door?"  "A middle-aged woman, who was, I suppose, his housekeeper. I think that it is 
most probable that Beddoes, pushed to desperation and believing himself to have been already betrayed, had revenged himself upon Hudson, and had fled from the country with as much money as he could lay his hands on. Say, is not that a brave plan?"  "Nay, lady, it is a thought which is unworthy of you. "  "Sun in your eyes and his face in the shadow?"  "Well, it was evening; but I mind that the lamp was turned on my face. 
Suddenly McGinty stooped and produced a wicked-looking revolver. Father was a plumber in the Tottenham Court Road, and he left a tidy business behind him, which mother carried on with Mr. "  "Why do you not write them yourself?" I said, with some bitterness. "Not only 
that, but the signature is typewritten. "  "By my hilt! father," said Aylward, looking keenly at him, "it is a marvel to me that thy girdle should have so goodly a span and clip thee so closely, if you have in sooth had so little to place within it. Lestrade thrust his brandy-flask between the baronet's teeth, and two frightened eyes were looking up at us. But why do you pluck my sleeve, Alleyne?"  "If it please you, my fair lord, there are in this corner two great tubes of iron, with many heavy balls, which may perchance be those bombards and shot of which I have heard. '  "I dare say my face looked as bewildered as yours did just now when first I read this message. "In the example which you read to me," said I, "the reasoner drew his conclusions from the actions of the man whom he observed. It was a warm June morning, and the Latter Day Saints 
were as busy as the bees whose hive they have chosen for their emblem. This in turn opened 
into a large bedroom. "  At that instant I was aware of a bushy black beard and a pair of piercing eyes turned upon us through the side window of the cab. Then I saw 
him scribble on a piece of paper, and I knew that he was writing me a note. "  "Ah! there I am not in a position to help you. It was to set her up in a 
typewriting business. Jabez Wilson's presence--in other words, that they had completed their tunnel. "  Holmes smiled and rubbed his hands. Dully and far off I heard the crack of a rifle and was feebly aware of the shock as I was dropped to the earth, where I lay without sense or motion. "Fancy his having 
the insolence to confound me with the official detective force! This incident gives zest to our investigation, however, and I only trust that our little friend will not suffer from her imprudence in allowing this brute to trace her. On all sides their 
fires began to glimmer and smoke. "What will the Duke say," he murmured, "when he 
hears that one of the family has been subjected to such humiliation?"  "It is the purest accident. Why, whatever is the matter with Mr. "And yet 
there is much in what the Gascon says," said a swarthy fellow in a weather-stained doublet; "and I for one would rather prosper in Italy than starve in Spain. I was heeled also, and I held up my gun to scare 
him off and let me get away. Nor can it be denied that many 

of the family have been unhappy in their deaths, which 

have been sudden, bloody, and mysterious. "That done," said King Pedro, 
glancing out of the corners of his eyes at the young conqueror, "we shall unite the forces of England, of Aquitaine, of Spain and of Majorca. "  "Well, well!" said Holmes, shrugging his shoulders. "Were he alive we should 
have had word of him ere now," said he. "  "There is no honour in such a matter. "  "It is of that daughter that I would speak to you," said the leader of the Mormons. When I draw your attention to the strong t's of 'at' and 'to', 
and ask you to compare them with the weak ones of 'quarter' and 'twelve,' you will instantly recognize the fact. Three of our boys were killed, however, before we got the swag. This way, Mr. You saw her return by the 
kitchen door, I presume?"  "Yes; when I went to see if the door was fastened for the night I met her slipping in. "What are you going to do now, Mr. I thanked him. "  "Then stand on your guard, sir!" With a clatter and dash the two blades met once more, Alleyne pressing in so as to keep within the full sweep of the heavy blade, while Tranter as continually sprang back to have space for one of his fatal cuts. Item, that after sundry japes and jokes the 
said brother John did lift up the said Mary Sowley and did take, carry, and convey her across a stream, to the infinite relish of the devil and the exceeding detriment of his own soul, which scandalous and wilful falling away was witnessed by three members of our order. His skin was of a rich 
flower-pot red from sun and wind. The Mongolian theory I regard with deep suspicion. The old devil left a note for us to say that he had rather be a free crossing sweeper in New York than a large mine owner under the power of a ring of blackmailers. The unfortunate 
creature's tongue seemed hardly to have been moistened in it before it gave a convulsive shiver in every limb, and lay as rigid and lifeless as if it had been struck by lightning. Then we carried him into the other room, where he lay with a clay-colored face, puffing his purple lips in and out with every breath--a dreadful wreck of all that he had been but five minutes before. A young woman opened the door, who proved to be Mrs. "And I may tell you that better men than either you or I have found themselves before now prisoners in the hands of archers of England. Pardieu! I have never seen a man get off his horse as quick as did that stranger Englishman. Are you satisfied?"  "Well, it is very ingenious," said I, laughing; "but since, as you said just now, there has been no crime committed, and no harm done save the loss of a goose, all this seems to be rather a waste of energy. Holmes took a bundle of papers from his pocket. This 
explanation was borne out by 

the post-mortem examination, which showed long-standing 

organic disease, and the coroner's jury returned a 

verdict in accordance with the medical evidence. Captain Marvin is my name. And 
now, you see, I had narrowed the field down considerably. See to the skin tint: it is not to be replaced, for paint as you will, it is not once in a hundred times that it is not either burned too brown in the furnace or else the color will not hold, and you get but a sickly white. "  "Column!" I cried. Holmes. I did not wish to lose such a place without a struggle, so, as I had heard that you were good enough to give advice to poor folk who were in need of it, I came right away to you. Dark rumors gathered round him in the university town, and 
eventually he was compelled to resign his chair and to come down to London, where he set up as an army coach. How Hordle John cozened the Fuller of Lymington IV. Though clear of mind and fairly strong of limb, I knew that my own fate was sealed. Of course, you will say: 'Why not take 
police precautions against him?' the reason is that I am well convinced that it is from his agents the blow will fall. Touch not that which is no concern of thine. The black death is the best friend that ever the common folk had in England. Nothing 
came, however, and with the dawn we pushed upon our way, the drum-beating dying out behind us. We must first, of course, test the truth of 
your story. "  "They discovered him a year ago," said Miss Burnet, who had sat up and was now intently following the conversation. The terror is in the hearts of the people from the dusk to the dawn. "  "I will. For the Captal du Buch hath sworn that he will find five knights from this side of the water who will ride over any five Englishmen who ever threw leg over saddle; and Chandos hath taken up the challenge, and the prince hath promised a golden vase for the man who carries himself best, and all the court is in a buzz over it. "Look at this," 
said Baynes. "He put his gloves on the chair, and he took the proofs, sheet by sheet, to copy them. About halfway up 
the forearm was a curious brown design, a triangle inside a circle, standing out in vivid relief upon the lard-coloured skin. Each pigeon-hole had its label, and his eyes as he glanced along them read a long series of such titles as "Fords," "Harbour-defences," "Aeroplanes," "Ireland," "Egypt," "Portsmouth forts," "The Channel," "Rosythe," and a score of others. "Why, dash it all, this is clear madness," cried Lord John. I got it 
from over-exposure and under-feeding among the Salt Lake Mountains. "Oh, you think so?"  "Don't you?"  "Well, it is quite possible, but the case is not clear to me yet. "  "Only Sir James Walter and you had those keys?"  "I had no keys of the doors--only of the safe. "Married, you say?"  "Married yesterday--that's what those flags are for on the Endowment House. It had been arranged, therefore, that in such a case his two subordinates were to make for some prearranged spot where they could escape investigation and be in a position afterwards to renew their attempt. It was his suggestion that I should come round to you, and of course I at once saw the propriety of it, for certainly the incident is a very singular one, though he appears to completely overrate its importance. "'See here,' said the operator after he'd 
gone out, 'I guess we should charge double rates for this. We saw no sign of pursuit, however, and soon we 
had got into more open country and beyond their power. "God He knows that I am not worthy to be her humble servant. "  He opened the door, and we stepped into the hall. First of all, I will ask the treasurer as to our bank balance. I was knocked all in a heap therefore at 
seeing a light in the window, and I suspected as something was wrong. "'"For two days after this 
Brunton was most assiduous in his attention to his duties. Lord John is sleeping also, his long body doubled up sideways 
in a basket-chair. On the one side a great crag towered up a thousand feet or more, black, stern, and menacing, with long basaltic columns upon its rugged surface like the ribs of some petrified monster. "The 
what?"  "The boodle. "   "It's a fine, steemulating letter," said McArdle thoughtfully, fitting a cigarette into the long glass tube which he used as a holder. I therefore 
waited for fresh material. Suicide is out of the question. "  "What, the man who draws them?"  "Yes, I saw him at his work. The station clock marked only seven minutes from the time when we were due to start. You will find us there, on our way to the station. The two women 
told their story clearly enough. "  "Capital!" cried the inspector. As to you, Watson, you are joining us with your old service, as I understand, so London won't be out of your way. William Morris or Mr. Duncan Ross. "  "And what did you do then?" asked Holmes. Meanwhile, have you anything more to 
tell us about the case?"  "Nothing, Mr. Above were three students, one on each story. She mounted a 
stair, pushed open a door, and found herself in your room. I don't wonder that you should take an interest in it. A strong wind blew towards us and we were 
well concealed, so there was no chance of discovery. "  "You speak of danger. "  At the sight of the man Alleyne had stood staring, but at the sound of his voice such a thrill of joy bubbled up in his heart that he had to bite his lip to keep himself from shouting outright. As evening drew in, 
the storm grew higher and louder, and the wind cried and sobbed like a child in the chimney. As they raised him, a ring tinkled down and rolled across the floor. "  "They would be likely to agree on some meeting-place beforehand," remarked Holmes. A moment later our modest apartment, already so distinguished 
that morning, was further honoured by the entrance of the most lovely woman in London. I little thought to find him among the bravest of my own chosen chieftains. A similar reward paid to any one giving information about a Greek lady whose first name is Sophy. "  "I think not. "  "You will tell him that you want to see the waste-paper of yesterday. Over the 
gently rising plain curved the white road which leads inland, usually flecked with travellers, but now with scarce a living form upon it, so completely had the lists drained all the district of its inhabitants. "  "Your presence will be of great service to me," he answered. There were no 
signs of the papers. I placed one arm round the trunk of the tree and leaned over the abyss. Standing in the doorway and glancing round me, I had a general impression of extraordinary comfort and elegance combined with an atmosphere of masculine virility. The path of our investigation is at present obscure, but I shall be very much surprised if before evening we have not cleared it up, or made a considerable advance along it. Day was breaking now, and a line of workmen were slowly 
making their way, singly and in groups, along the blackened path. 'There she lies, with the 
red streaks. 'Why shouldn't we be married right away, then,' said he, 'and then I will feel sure of you; and I won't claim to be your husband until I come back?' Well, we talked it over, and he had fixed it all up so nicely, with a clergyman all ready in waiting, that we just did it right there; and then Frank went off to seek his fortune, and I went back to pa. "  "I will not leave you, Sir William," returned Sir Simon Burley; "and yet, as an old soldier and one who hath seen much of war, I cannot but think that it is an ill thing for four hundred men to find themselves between an army of sixty thousand on the one side and a broad river on the other. By the way, the prisoner has a small box in the right-hand pocket of his coat which it would be as well to remove. Apply 221 
B, Baker Street. " That was the name, style, and abode of my morning visitor. He was at my very heels. Sir Charles had evidently stood there for five or ten minutes. "Do you think you could walk round the house with me?"  "Oh, yes, I should like a little sunshine. He is now in his fifth year, and has brought in turn each of the prizes of the turf to Colonel Ross, his fortunate owner. I fear that I bore you with these details, but I have to let you see my little difficulties, if you are to understand the situation. It's a fine evening, and there's some open ground beyond the next block. "I've made inquiry. "  "Tut, tut! My dear sir, please do what I ask you. I had no idea that you had found my occasional retreat, still less that you were inside it, until I was within twenty paces of the door. The farmers about here don't like it, sir, and that's a fact. Thick, muscular 
arms, covered with a reddish down, protruded from the wide sleeves of his habit, while his white shirt, looped up upon one side, gave a glimpse of a huge knotty leg, scarred and torn with the scratches of brambles. His footmarks had pressed 
right through the snow, so long had he stood there. "  "Then what is the theory in your mind?"  "The bicycle may have been a blind. "  Holmes grunted from the sofa. The fate of the ancestor had been typical of 
that of his descendants. "And it did, though they hardly found upon the mud-bank what they had feared to find. It was taken, then, yesterday evening between seven-thirty 
and eleven-thirty, probably near the earlier hour, since whoever took it evidently knew that it was there and would naturally secure it as early as possible. "I will not bias your mind by suggesting theories or suspicions, Watson," said he; "I wish you simply to report facts in the fullest possible manner to me, and you can leave me to do the theorizing. "Can you 
bear pain?"  "As well as another," he answered. You can call it murder. " She raised her 
veil as she spoke, and we could see that she was indeed in a pitiable state of agitation, her face all drawn and grey, with restless frightened eyes, like those of some hunted animal. It is a natural protection 
to this singular country. "  "You would naturally think so and the thought has cost several their lives before now. "The Press, Watson, is a most valuable institution, if you 
only know how to use it. I had no time to think of it. You bet I was giving nothing away. However, there's no good grieving over it. It may 
be a neutral one. As well as I could learn, Miss Alice had rights of her own by will, but she was so quiet and patient, she was, that she never said a word about them but just left everything in Mr. And he was devoted to his wife. An extraordinary change had come over his face. "I think I must ask you to remain sitting exactly where you are. "But if you mean to hint that it 
could reflect in any way upon this lady's honour"--his eyes blazed for an instant, and then with an evident effort he got a grip upon his own emotions--"well, you are on the wrong track, that's all. Of course, it instantly occurred to me 
that they had broken into your library with the intention of getting at some document which might be of importance in the case. Holmes turned the body over 
reverently, and examined it with great attention. Again I heard from her own lips things that made my blood boil, and again I cursed this brute who mishandled the woman I loved. I tell you, Watson, this time we have got a foeman who is worthy of our steel. "They have taken to a boat here. Just 
opposite the Seymour Street Office they have taken up the pavement and thrown up some earth which lies in such a way that it is difficult to avoid treading in it in entering. "He made his way to 
Woking by the first train, and having examined his booty and assured himself that it really was of immense value, he had concealed it in what he thought was a very safe place, with the intention of taking it out again in a day or two, and carrying it to the French embassy, or wherever he thought that a long price was to be had. It bore, as I should guess, some pleasure party upon their return from Brighton or from Eastbourne. When they came out through the 
French window, there was the pond with one tempting little hole in the ice, right in front of their noses. It was not until later, when Sir Henry had gone 
to his room, that I was able to follow the trend of his thoughts. Here am I upholding 
the good fame of the learned Duns Scotus against the foolish quibblings and poor silly reasonings of Willie Ockham. You must drop everything, Sherlock. I am loath to go, for it is quite on the cards that some message may come during the day, though Wiggins was despondent about it last night. His wild eyes, stained cheeks, and unkempt hair all spoke of the sudden blow which had fallen upon the household. ' Have you no desire, in view of later research, to modify this statement?  Do you not think that it is over-accentuated?  With your permission, I would ask the favor of an interview, as I feel strongly upon the subject, and have certain suggestions which I could only elaborate in a personal conversation. "  "I trust that you don't consider your collection closed. "  "Ah, yes. "  "If the treaty had reached, let us say, the French or Russian Foreign Office, you would expect to hear of it?"  "I should," said Lord Holdhurst, with a wry face. Not the Inquisition of 
Seville, nor the German Vehm-gericht, nor the Secret Societies of Italy, were ever able to put a more formidable machinery in motion than that which cast a cloud over the State of Utah. "Rocks!" they yelled, stabbing into the air with their forefingers. The man mopped his forehead with his handkerchief and gave a long 
sigh of relief. The stick had been removed, but there also the marks were slight. "  Alleyne smiled, but shook his head. "How can he see the guiding wands tonight? We planted them together, he and I, to mark the pathway through the mire. "To your arms, men!" roared Sir Nigel. Holmes. "  "It does give a clue. , and whom you afterwards were eager to entirely forget. Her honest father may not have observed these symptoms, but they were assuredly not thrown away upon the man who had won her affections. Oh, the cunning rascal! This is how he gave me the slip the other night. Douglas must have shot 
himself. "  "I am in hopes of getting it. "  "We hoped to snare a falcon," said he presently, "but we netted a carrion-crow. Every fresh advance which we make only reveals a fresh ridge beyond. "  Evening was drawing in when we reassembled. Now, I'll tell you how it stands 
with me. If you will both come up and leave your boots below on the landing, I'll put you there now. Suddenly he looked at his 
watch. "When I recovered I managed, by a device which had perhaps some little merit of ingenuity, to get old Cunningham to write the word 'twelve,' so that I might compare it with the 'twelve' upon the paper. Good-bye, and I trust that we shall have nothing but good news from you. "  "My master will not drink," said the squire. Here too dwelt those famous 
smelters and welders who had made the Bordeaux steel the most trusty upon earth, and could give a temper to lance or to sword which might mean dear life to its owner. But I'm sure I am exceedingly obliged to you, Mr. There is a cab coming to convey you to Norwich, Mr. "  "I beg--I implore that you will, Dr. As to who this prisoner is, I have no doubt that it is the daughter, Miss Alice Rucastle, if I remember right, who was said to have gone to America. "  "What for?"  "Well," the miner lowered his voice--"over the affairs. In my aching head the 
one thought was throbbing that there really was truth in this man's story, that it was of tremendous consequence, and that it would work up into inconceivable copy for the Gazette when I could obtain permission to use it. He'll be cut up 
over this, for the man has been in his service for years and was a good servant. Therefore I 
am here to advise you this morning, and my advice to you is summed up in three words--abandon the case. Holmes. Very smart of you 
to notice it, but rather uncharitable to suggest that it was cause and effect. "  "I could not have believed it," exclaimed Alleyne. )  "Then I put you to the 
test. James Windibank wished Miss Sutherland to be so bound to Hosmer Angel, and so uncertain as to his fate, that for ten years to come, at any rate, she would not listen to another man. Inside were half a dozen spines of dark wood, sharp at one end and rounded at the other, like that which had struck Bartholomew Sholto. ' Mayhap he will sing it when 
the ale has warmed him. "  "My defence?"  "Yes, sir. Holmes?"  "No, no! Darkness and Dr. Thank God! he had reached the highest of those fatal pinnacles upon which his comrade had fallen. I have wired to Overton to let us know any fresh London developments at this address, and in the meantime we can only concentrate our attention upon Dr. Also that if page 534 finds us only in the second chapter, the length of the first one must have been really intolerable. He was nearly expelled over a card scandal in his first year. "  "As far as you are personally concerned," remarked Holmes, "I do not see that you have any grievance against this extraordinary league. And what conclusions did the coroner come to?"  "He investigated the case with great care, for Dr. The events in question 
occurred in the early days of my association with Holmes, when we were sharing rooms as bachelors in Baker Street. "  "Small of faith! Small of faith!" cried the sompnour. You're not crabby, are 
you?"  "No, no, not at all. It is no time for dallying. When I had cleared it all up 
I had an interview with him, and finding that he would not tell me the story, I told it to him, on which he had to confess that I was right and to add the very few details which were not yet quite clear to me. A tall, sunburned, capable-looking, clean-shaved man looked in at 
us. "His face fell immediately. "'Dear me!' he said gravely, 'that is very 
serious indeed! I am sorry to hear you say that. I can't get away; for all I have in the world is in my store. You owe a very humble apology to that noble lad, your son, who has carried himself in this matter as I should be proud to see my own son do, should I ever chance to have one. "  "And are you prepared to meet the cost?"  "I have no doubt, sir, that my friend Godfrey, when we find him, will be prepared to do that. Lucy Ferrier grew up within the log-house, and assisted 
her adopted father in all his undertakings. It took four strong men to get the brothers 
into the asylum carriage. "  "Your sister asked for it, I suppose?"  "No, I never heard of her using it. If there be so much as a shadow of a doubt 
as to the form of it, it were a thousand times best----"  "Peace! peace!" cried the prince impatiently. "  "But what is the good of all these vague theories," cried the banker impatiently, "when I have told you that I saw Arthur with the coronet in his hands?"  "Wait a little, Mr. If my expedition had no other results it would still have been noteworthy, but a curious incident occurred to me while there which opened up an entirely fresh line of inquiry. "The ink-pots of 
civilization, sir. "Take my rede, sir, and let it drop, for you have come very well out from it. Then, suddenly altering his tone, "Excuse this frivolous family badinage, Mr. "This door opens straight 
into the study. "  "We can scare hope," said Nigel, "to have all ready for our start before the feast of St. What d'you think the man died of?"  "Oh, this is hardly a case for me to theorize over," said Holmes, dryly. Now 
she was flying down the stream, near in to the shore, going at a tremendous rate. Why, whatever is the matter with Mr. We jumped at 
the offer, for we were already sick of these bloodthirsty doings, and we saw that there would be worse before it was done. It was August 2nd when we snapped our last link with the 
outer world by bidding farewell to the Esmeralda. I clutched Holmes's arm, and pointed 
upward. But what danger could threaten them here in this strong castle, under the care of famous warriors, with high walls and a broad moat around them? Who was there that could injure them? He had well-nigh persuaded himself that his fears were a foolish fancy, when his eyes fell upon that which sent the blood cold to his heart and left him gasping, with hands clutching at the counterpane. Here, amid his books and his maps, he lived an absolutely lonely life, attending to his own simple wants and paying little apparent heed to the affairs of his neighbours. Regina will bring the matter before the attention of the public. My friend was in excellent spirits over the 
success which had attended a succession of difficult and important cases, so that I was able to induce him to discuss the details of the Baskerville mystery. "You enlarge my 
view of the possible. As he hunted about, he kept muttering to himself, and finally he broke out into a loud crow of delight. '  "'At least,' said I, 'it gives us another mystery, and one which is even more interesting than the first. I remember that during the whole of that memorable day he lost himself in a monograph which he had undertaken upon the Polyphonic Motets of Lassus. Up above us was the lighted 
window. '  "And that recommendation, with the exaggerated estimate of my ability with which he prefaced it, was, if you will believe me, Watson, the very first thing which ever made me feel that a profession might be made out of what had up to that time been the merest hobby. "'I am sorry that I 
broke my promise, Jack,' said she; 'but if you knew all the circumstances I am sure that you would forgive me. He sprang to his feet, waving his fists and wheezing like an asthmatic. "  The remark had a singular effect upon his companion. Holmes and I glanced at 
each other, and Hall Pycroft took a step towards the table. " Small had dropped his mask of stoicism, and all this 
came out in a wild whirl of words, while his eyes blazed, and the handcuffs clanked together with the impassioned movement of his hands. "  "The blinds are up. "Never!" said Alleyne. "Well, I guess you have every cause to be. "  "Have you any objection to my looking at your register?" said Holmes. On the other hand, we are bound to inform the police of the discovery, and to see that this poor fellow's body is looked after. Having, however, at last, 
satisfied himself as to his identity, the man's surprise changed to consternation. "  "I'd have done it to please you. Do you see?' He was still smiling in the most amiable manner. "He may be the better 
judge, since he hath no call to side with either of us. "The roof has fallen in!"  In vain we dragged out some of the pieces. A jagged stone was lying among the moss, and this also he carefully examined and retained. His clothes, his 
watch, and even his money were in his room, but the black suit which he usually wore was missing. It had not escaped him that his opponent was breathing in short, hoarse gasps, like a man who is dizzy with fatigue. "Very good. I'm Brother Scanlan, 
Lodge 341, Vermissa Valley. It's myself that would be sorry if it were needful to give you a lesson. "Of course there can be no doubt as to the nature of this gang. Mr. Sherlock Holmes, the theorist. There was no change in door or window this morning, or any reason to think that any stranger had been to the house. A constable was standing at the kitchen door. "What! man, I am forest-born, and 
I know what comes of it. "  "I presume that this Jim Browner, the steward of a Liverpool boat, is the man whom you suspect?"  "Oh! it is more than a suspicion. "You've hurt me!" said a childish voice 
reproachfully. His name was Gorgiano, and he had come also from Posilippo. "Then the rest I leave to your wisdom, Sir William; 
and if God sends us fortune we shall meet you again in this gorge ere it be dark. His wife and his 
children awaited him at home, but no father ever returned to tell them how he had fared at the hands of his secret judges. That's what _they_ say. James Mortimer, the man of science, ask of Sherlock Holmes, the specialist in crime? Come in!"  The appearance of our visitor was a surprise to me, since I had expected a typical country practitioner. For two hours we rambled about together, in silence for the most part, as befits two men who know each other intimately. He's a hard nail, is Jack, and a dead shot, too, but you can't leave a Grand National winner to die like that--what?"  "What do you mean to do, then?" I asked. "  Alleyne Edricson bent his head while the Abbot poured out his heartfelt supplication that Heaven would watch over this young soul, now going forth into the darkness and danger of the world. There was nothing in it to 
suggest a clue,--some clothes, some books, and a considerable number of curiosities from the Andaman Islands. You bar my path at your peril. We shall 
make something of you yet. "  "I am a Mackworth of Normanton," the other answered, with some uneasiness of manner. In a very short time a decrepit figure had emerged from the opium den, and I was walking down the street with Sherlock Holmes. "It were time to check 
it," said the prince, smiling, "for Sir Nigel is too good a man for me to lose, and, by the five holy wounds! if one of those cuts came home I should have fears for our champion. His cold and proud 
nature was always averse, however, from anything in the shape of public applause, and he bound me in the most stringent terms to say no further word of himself, his methods, or his successes--a prohibition which, as I have explained, has only now been removed. Both pinnacle and cliff were comparatively low--some five or six hundred feet, I should think. There had been a ring at the bell. "  "Then you may be so with me. Holmes, so long as we get our man. Holmes. I 
heard from Major Prendergast how you saved him in the Tankerville Club scandal. Yesterday, however, I learn 
that an event of extreme importance has occurred. They expect to get him every hour. Holmes, that we are much disturbed at present, and I must ask you to hasten this interview to an end. At the same time, he would naturally feel loyalty towards the officials who were working on the same case, and he would not conceal from them anything which would help them in bringing a criminal to justice. With perfect coolness Holmes 
slipped across to the safe, filled his two arms with bundles of letters, and poured them all into the fire. "See, they move out from the shadow. Furious and gesticulating the Gascons, white and cold and sneering the English, while the prince with a half smile glanced from one party to the other, like a man who loved to dwell upon a fiery scene, and yet dreaded least the mischief go so far that he might find it beyond his control. It was just who would get his evidence first. It was understood that Lord John 
Roxton claimed to have the skull of a phororachus. I heard no more. She looked up at his dark, fierce face, and 
laughed saucily. King had rushed in to Saunders. He had many acquaintances among them, but few friends, and no one whom he loved. I snatched it up and examined it. "Have I not noted your frequent sighs and 
vacant eye? Is she fair?"  "She is indeed," cried Alleyne from his heart, all tingling at this sudden turn of the talk. "Here is the foresight," said he putting his finger upon the little disc and loop of the hat-securer. Finally, with a 
shamefaced apology for his weakness, he rose once more. The ring business and the card point to premeditated murder for some private reason. Incredible as it may appear to you, Mr. "It is very customary for pawnbrokers in England, when they take a watch, to scratch the number of the ticket with a pin-point upon the inside of the case. "   Mycroft Holmes and Lestrade had come round by appointment after breakfast next day and Sherlock Holmes had recounted to them our proceedings of the day before. There is Lord Neville, Sir Stephen Cossington, and Sir Matthew Gourney, with Sir Walter Huet, Sir Thomas Banaster, and Sir Thomas Felton, who is the brother of the high steward. Half 
of this I took, as you saw, and I placed it in an envelope. "  Dr. "We all learn by experience, and your lesson this time is that you should never lose sight of the alternative. The earth floor had sunk in at one place, making a natural grave, so we left Achmet the merchant there, having first covered him over with loose bricks. He had changed from the horse upon which he had ridden, and bestrode the black charger which his squire had led beside him. The behavior of the audience at present 
was good-humored, but mischievous. Now I have told you all my adventures, Mr. Duncan Ross was. Watson there would tell you that I was a nervous, sensitive boy at school. "Morris didn't know I could earn a living here at home. Fournaye, was seen for some hours upon Monday night watching the house in Godolphin Street. "  "When you combine the ideas of whistles at night, the presence of a band of gipsies who are on intimate terms with this old doctor, the fact that we have every reason to believe that the doctor has an interest in preventing his stepdaughter's marriage, the dying allusion to a band, and, finally, the fact that Miss Helen Stoner heard a metallic clang, which might have been caused by one of those metal bars that secured the shutters falling back into its place, I think that there is good ground to think that the mystery may be cleared along those lines. "By St. Paul! it seemed to me their bones were breaking through their skin. "  "I have known him for some time," said I, "but I never knew him do anything yet without a very good reason," and with that our conversation drifted off on to other topics. Suddenly we looked down into a cuplike depression, patched with stunted oaks and firs which had been twisted and bent by the fury of years of storm. The Elder to whose care the 
two waifs had been committed, led them to his waggon, where a meal was already awaiting them. It was as well that his prairie training had given Jefferson 
Hope the ears of a lynx. There can be no question that Stapleton had a confidant, though it is unlikely that he ever placed himself in his power by sharing all his plans with him. What was that?"  "A letter to say that the men whom he had wronged had been set free. "  "The other being, I presume, Professor Moriarty. That wire was to my dirty little lieutenant, Wiggins, and I expect that he and his gang will be with us before we have finished our breakfast. I tell you, Watson, 
I've only known her these few weeks, but from the first I just felt that she was made for me, and she, too--she was happy when she was with me, and that I'll swear. "  "A big P with a flourish above it, E and N smaller?" asked Holmes. "I fancy 
that every one of his cases has found its way into your collection, and I must admit, Watson, that you have some power of selection, which atones for much which I deplore in your narratives. But at any rate I have shown, have I not, that there is a certain element of improbability about the lady's story? And now, on the top of this, comes the incident of the wineglasses. When he saw the convict approaching him with the bloody knife in his hand he kicked off his bonds, which he had somehow contrived to loosen, and rushing down the deck he plunged into the after-hold. She turned deadly white, read the letter, and threw it into the fire. I should not like to suggest false hopes, Miss Morstan, but is there any resemblance between this hand and that of your father?"  "Nothing could be more unlike. They all tend to deepen the impression upon my 
mind that the Cunninghams, father and son, had written this letter. Partly it came no doubt from his own masterful nature, which loved to dominate and surprise those who were around him. We hurried together down the stairs and 
into the street. To my astounded senses the one seems most terrible and the other as black as night. As I dressed I 
glanced at my watch. "What is it, lady?"  "Oh, most ungallant clerk! A true knight would never have asked, but would have vowed upon the instant. "  We ran frantically down the path, which wound among the trees. The approach to the spot at which the tragedy occurred is down a narrow, winding, country lane. It was with difficulty that we made our way across London Bridge. "Stop it!" I cried; "pull yourself together!" and I 
poured out some water from a caraffe. "  "I agree with you," said the younger statesman. "What then, Sir John?" asked 
the prince. Instead of that he took two tickets for the theatre, escorted his fiancee halfway there, and then suddenly disappeared. When I draw your attention to the strong t's of 'at' and 
'to', and ask you to compare them with the weak ones of 'quarter' and 'twelve,' you will instantly recognize the fact. It was given out that he had either thrown 
himself overboard or fallen overboard in the heavy weather that we were having. I had the 
further motive that Baskerville Hall, as the paper says, would certainly remain untenanted if anything were done to increase its already rather grim reputation. "  Lestrade looked at his watch. 'You really must, you know. That is quite settled," said he, rising and putting his lens in his pocket. I should judge that the older of them has not been there more than a few months. "What's this mark?" 
he asked. At that time Mr. "  "At least we may accept it as a working hypothesis. "Yes," I said, peering 
through it, "a large bird stands on the tree. In a short time he was standing close to me and listening with deep distress to the story which I told him. I say, Holmes, you must confess that you cut it rather fine. "  "It was well curved, it is true. He gesticulated and almost danced with excitement in front of the lovers. All was quiet as in a dream landscape. Doubtless you find it so in England. We drove back to help the young lady. "Why, dear me, it sounds quite hollow!" he remarked, looking up in surprise. W. Date, July 7. Hum!  Man's 
thumb-mark on corner,--probably postman. "In pre-scientific days," said he, "they used to 
keep a white mouse in every submarine, as its more delicate organization gave signs of a vicious atmosphere before it was perceived by the sailors. "  "Exactly. Douglas went round the house every night the last thing before he turned in to see that the lights were right. There is an excellent archway down yonder in case a too zealous policeman should intrude. In the dim 
light I saw his head thrown forward, his whole attitude rigid with attention. With this short preface I shall turn to my notes of what proved to be a strange, though a peculiarly terrible, chain of events. Tomorrow some other little problem may be submitted to my notice which will in turn dispossess the fair French lady and the infamous Upwood. "'But this paragon has one fault. "  "Yes, sir, I do, and I am ready enough to tell what I know. "Is she?" he said, 
languidly. "Good dog, then!  Atheney Jones has gone. We have had an immense display of energy since you left. "'This is a 
directory of Paris,' said he, 'with the trades after the names of the people. Far away on the extreme verge of the alkali plain there rose up a little spray of dust, very slight at first, and hardly to be distinguished from the mists of the distance, but gradually growing higher and broader until it formed a solid, well-defined cloud. I 
stood for a few minutes with my heart in my boots, wondering whether the whole thing was an elaborate hoax or not, when up came a man and addressed me. Colonel Lysander 
Stark sprang out, and, as I followed after him, pulled me swiftly into a porch which gaped in front of us. No doubt, however, you had drawn your own conclusions, Gregson, before you permitted this. "It may do no harm," said he. "I've not done with you yet. He 
returns to the house, and you want to find out who he is. She was clad in her dress--he in his dressing-gown, over his night-clothes. "  "No ticket!  Dear me, Watson, this is really very singular. There is a thread 
here which we had not yet grasped and which might lead us through the tangle. 2. The Tiger of San Pedro   A cold and melancholy walk of a couple of miles brought us to a high wooden gate, which opened into a gloomy avenue of chestnuts. "What did you do 
then, sir?" asked the inspector. Theresa was always my friend, for she loved Mary and hated this villain almost as much as I did. "  The Lady Tiphaine smiled across at her husband. '  "'Yes, we could easily give you a shake-down. "  "You had best take it, then. "  "Ha! Would there be any objection, Mr. "It was an empty house, and so he knew 
that he would not be disturbed in the garden. I was too shaken to go to bed again, however, so I dressed, and as soon as it was daylight I slipped down, got a dog-cart at the Crown Inn, which is opposite, and drove to Leatherhead, from whence I have come on this morning with the one object of seeing you and asking your advice. "  "But I have only just come. "Yes. It was the bisulphate of baryta. Life can 
whack me about now, and it can't leave a mark. I have determined, therefore, to call upon you and to consult you in reference to the very painful event which has occurred in connection with my wedding. "I seem to grow colder every step that I take away from it. He began by taking a clean 
white cloth from a drawer and laying it over the table. Now, I knew that them two houses in 
Lauriston Gardens was empty on account of him that owns them who won't have the drains seen to, though the very last tenant what lived in one of them died o' typhoid fever. A jacket with hanging sleeves, slashed with velvet at the neck and wrists, showed that he was a man of some consideration, an under-officer, or file-leader of his company. He seized his bicycle, pursued the lad, and in pursuing him met his death. "  "Your words are strange to me," quoth Sir Nigel, "for you have the appearance of a stout man, and I see that you wear a sword by your side. "For two days after my arrival at the Copper Beeches my life was very quiet; on the third, Mrs. Looking upwards, we could see no sign of movement above us amidst the green jungle which topped the cliff. Mr. Douglas enters the room. We should have acted before this. "  "So I see," the other answered with the utmost coolness. "The old hound is the 
best when all is said," quoth the bailiff of Southampton, as they made back for the roadway. They had pulled him out and 
shot him again and again. His age may have been about twenty-seven, his dress and bearing that of a gentleman. There was not a 
man in the room whose hands had not been reddened a dozen times before. And I have also communicated with my faithful Cartwright, 
who would certainly have pined away at the door of my hut, as a dog does at his master's grave, if I had not set his mind at rest about my safety. "  "Yes?"  "The 'Lone Star' had arrived here last week. "  "We were both in the photograph. I could not reach the place by at least three inches--from which I infer that he is at least three inches a bigger man than I. You'll be more likely to get a confession out of him alone. That was the reason of his going. "Miss 
Morrison is a little ethereal slip of a girl, with timid eyes and blond hair, but I found her by no means wanting in shrewdness and common-sense. You can understand that, living the life which I have described, we were little likely to see anyone of our own age and position. But you shall have such men as will follow you, and you may go where you will, so that you come not with us. We were just as happy as the day was long when we set up house together, and in all Liverpool there was no better woman than my Mary. They had only just arrived, Holmes, the prisoner, and he, for they had changed their plans so far as to report themselves at a station upon the way. , of Stepney. "'Do you desire your name to be kept upon the books?' she asked. 
"I had already considered that possibility. "What was the last news when you left London?" he asked. 
"Half dazed, I went into the station and asked about the morning train. "There is a little nut for you to crack, Master Holmes. "You are developing a certain unexpected vein of pawky humour, Watson, against which I must learn to guard myself. "I would have you know, sir, that, young or old, there has never 
been a time in my life when I was afraid to speak my mind to an ignorant coxcomb--yes, sir, an ignorant coxcomb, if you had as many titles as slaves could invent and fools could adopt. "  "He is a bloody robber," said the trader, curtly, "and I wish I saw him kicking at the end of a halter. Holmes, and my mind is made up that I will accept it. He seemed to take a fancy to me from 
the first, and within two days of our meeting he came to see me at Lee. "What is there?" he would cry, pointing 
to the north. After all, men have been as bad as this and have recovered. Even his voice was gentle. "  "You have compromised yourself seriously. "  "Found dead without a mark upon him. "  "You speak out boldly, squire," the prince answered; "but unless I have some further assurance of your master's noble birth and gentle name I cannot match the choicest lances of my court against him. Already our man had 
gone round the gallery and the corridor was all in darkness. It is but right, perhaps, that I should carry on the tale and show also the results. Barrymore had passed it on in order to help Selden in his escape. " He loosened his long-bow, slung his quiver round to the front, and then glanced keenly round for a fitting mark. The agony of those contorted limbs struck me with a spasm of pain and blurred my eyes with tears. "  "It was lost, if I remember aright, at the Hotel Cosmopolitan," I remarked. Three days later we were back in Baker Street together; but it was evident that my friend would be much the better for a change, and the thought of a week of spring time in the country was full of attractions to me also. "The net is drawn pretty close round Fitzroy Simpson," he 
remarked, "and I believe myself that he is our man. I was frightened of the house, of the 
man, of the woman, of the servants, even of the child. I and Sir William Felton will hold the centre with our men-at-arms. "When the rest are 
in, you see one or two shiverin' on the bank, envyin' the others that have taken the plunge. "All?"  "Two and thirty of the seniors and fifteen of the novices, most holy father. There is no middle way. And now come the ape-men and the Indian. Three martlets on a field azure, that must be one of the Luttrells. "  Whilst the song had been singing Dame Eliza and the maid had placed a board across two trestles, and had laid upon it the knife, the spoon, the salt, the tranchoir of bread, and finally the smoking dish which held the savory supper. "You have still my firm promise of a balloon. "You make too much of it, Dr. "As to you, 
my good Summerlee, I trust your last doubts have been resolved as to the meaning of the blurring of the lines in the spectrum and that you will no longer contend that my letter in the Times was based upon a delusion. Looking 
down on this very scene, there stood upon the fourth of May, eighteen hundred and forty-seven, a solitary traveller. By the crescent upon 
it, it should be the second son of old Sir Hugh, who had a bolt through his ankle at the intaking of Romorantin, he having rushed into the fray ere his squire had time to clasp his solleret to his greave. "  "I fully share your opinion, and I trust, with you, that we may prove it," returned Holmes, going back to the mat to knock the snow from his shoes. Phelps rang for the coffee?"  "She said that her husband was very tired and she wished to relieve him. "  "She and I, Alleyne, broke the lucky groat together ere we parted, and she wears my ring upon her finger. Then, of course, she might give us very important information, but I was not sanguine that she would. "  "Of warning, Mr. Paul! it would be a very sorry thing if we suffered you to be the worse of this day's work," said Sir Nigel. "They are in the further wood," 
said Alleyne. Monica in the Edgeware Road. Here fluttered many an outland 
pennon, bearing symbol and blazonry from the banks of the Danube, the wilds of Lithuania and the mountain strongholds of Hungary; for chivalry was of no clime and of no race, nor was any land so wild that the fame and name of the prince had not sounded through it from border to border. A number of small 
shops have come into being to meet the wants of the increased population; so there seems some prospect that Birlstone may soon grow from an ancient village into a modern town. Mrs. Allen as a witness. 
"My mind was instantly filled with suspicion. He also received his dismissal, 
his half-sovereign, and the order to wait. We succeeded in our object at a cost which both the specialist and Dr. Well, we are well down 
Channel now. "  "Hold it safe, father," the other answered, in the same soft, mincing dialect. Surely that is evident. Lestrade, of Scotland Yard, looks upon as so serious. "It is a curious collection. See now, I swear it! You're the only 
one woman on earth to me. The thing moved forward with a dreadful snarl. He had a very dark, fearsome face, and a gleam in his 
eyes that comes back to me in my dreams. We have a saying here, Sir Nigel, that if you pummel Jacques Bonhomme he will pat you, but if you pat him he will pummel you. Holmes," said White Mason. "If the 
fellow did not want the hue and cry raised over him, one would imagine that he would have returned and remained at the hotel as an inoffensive tourist. I 
kept my eye on her after that, for I knew there was some devilry in the wind. A taxicab was waiting at the end of the road, so I sprang into it and drove down to the office. She whispered to me to come round to the big front window, and I found it open before me, so as to let me into the dining-room. One day my wife received a letter from America. "Dr. Watson, 
Mr. Lucas is an unmarried man, thirty-four years of age, and his establishment consists of Mrs. "  "Most preposterous!" I exclaimed, and then, suddenly realizing how he had echoed the inmost thought of my soul, I sat up in my chair and stared at him in blank amazement. There was a low murmur of applause. "  "The same with savages," said Lord John, cutting away at the beef. "  "Suppose that Cadogan West wished to make his way into the building after hours; he would need three keys, would he not, before he could reach the papers?"  "Yes, he would. On the evening of the crime, he returned from the club exactly 
at ten. At last he mastered himself and sat down once more at his desk. The man who held out against the Church vanished away, and none knew whither he had gone or what had befallen him. There's the devilish cunning of it! If he were acting through a human agent we could get some evidence, but if we were to drag this great dog to the light of day it would not help us in putting a rope round the neck of its master. I suppose 
there could not be two people in your rooms, Mrs. "See that you lay in good store of the best for our home-coming. A client is to me a mere unit,--a factor in a problem. "  Holmes and I followed them down the lane, and my friend plucked at my sleeve as we came out. The fellow is a Baskerville--that is evident. It was a September evening, and not yet seven 
o'clock, but the day had been a dreary one, and a dense drizzly fog lay low upon the great city. The 
country had been a place of terror; but the town was in its way even more depressing. "Sit down, Captain Crocker. You got my telegram?"  Our visitor sank into an armchair and looked from one to the other of us with questioning eyes. Observation tells me that you have a little reddish 
mould adhering to your instep. Holmes; and I know very well that he could better himself and earn twice what I am able to give him. Then I thought there was 
some chance of water in this direction, so I heaved you over my shoulder and we tramped it together. I examined the contents of the safe, most of which had 
been taken out and left on the table. "The Indians know. They have their own way. 
Cunningham," said he. But I did--some little distance off, but fresh and clear. In age he may have been about fifty, with a strong-jawed, rugged face, a grizzling moustache, peculiarly keen gray eyes, and a wiry, vigorous figure which had lost nothing of the strength and activity of youth. "  "About a month before. "I'd be glad to hear it again, for I am not sure now that I have the man's meaning clear in my head. C. ' are placed before that hospital the words 'Charing Cross' very naturally suggest themselves. If the man is caught, it will be _on account_ of their exertions; if he escapes, it will be _in spite_ of their exertions. Their crouching gait took away from their height, but I should put them at five feet or so, with long arms and enormous chests. "I am endeavouring to tell you everything, 
Mr. "  "Then my servant will call a cab, and I shall be with you in an instant. "A couple of months at the outside. Your hand stole towards your own old wound and a smile quivered on your lips, which showed me that the ridiculous side of this method of settling international questions had forced itself upon your mind. "  "How was she dressed?"  "Quiet, sir--a long mantle down to her feet. "'For a long time I sat half 
distracted, wondering what I should do. Doubtless you find it so in England. "The human collar-bone is curved. "  "There's the village," said the driver, pointing to a cluster of roofs some distance to the left; "but if you want to get to the house, you'll find it shorter to get over this stile, and so by the foot-path over the fields. In the matter of provisions we had enough to last for several weeks, with a sufficiency of tobacco and a few scientific implements, including a large telescope and a good field-glass. "  "No, sir; I had a telegram. Now, I have shot little of late, but there is 
Johnston here who will try a round with you for the honor of the Company. He was begging, 
pleading, imploring for his comrade's life. I shouted loudly and waved my handkerchief. Author of HEAVY GAME OF THE WESTERN HIMALAYAS (1881); THREE MONTHS IN THE JUNGLE (1884). He roamed about the house, and the women ran for it when they heard him coming. There, I admit that a bicycle is impossible. "Nothing you would like better?"  "I'd like two shillin' better," the prodigy answered, after some thought. In the cloisters he had heard vague talk of the law--the mighty law which was higher than prelate or baron, yet no sign could he see of it. Their leader, Goodwin Hawtayne, stood upon the poop and talked with Sir Nigel, casting his eye up sometimes at the swelling sail, and then glancing back at the two seamen who held the tiller. He burst into a hearty laugh. "  Holmes rose and sat down at the table with his pen in his hand and a bundle of paper before him. Even in dry seasons it is a danger to cross 
it, but after these autumn rains it is an awful place. The sun was shining very brightly, and yet there was an exhilarating nip in the air, which set an edge to a man's energy. I was never a very sociable fellow, Watson, always rather fond of moping in my rooms and working out my own little methods of thought, so that I never mixed much with the men of my year. And here is the very note. It is expected that a 
testimonial of some sort will be presented to the two officers as a fitting recognition of their services. "  "Then he could not have retreated down the road, and you say that there are no side roads?"  "None. "Well, I think that under the circumstances we may enter without an invitation. Here are two moorland farmhouses, High Tor and Foulmire. I endeavored to cheer and amuse her by reminiscences of my adventures in Afghanistan; but, to tell the truth, I was myself so excited at our situation and so curious as to our destination that my stories were slightly involved. At the end of a year he would be free to return to the cloisters, for such had been his father's bequest. Right in 
front of us, and almost within our reach, was the broad, rounded back of Milverton. "No, we have no news of any kind," said Dr. 
So disturbed was I that I determined to see a little more of the new inmates of the cottage. I shall take what you leave. This message makes it even more essential that we should not lose an hour in letting Hilton Cubitt know how matters stand, for it is a singular and a dangerous web in which our simple Norfolk squire is entangled. Don't ask him if he has done it. "That can I," answered the accuser. With every throb of the engines we 
sprang and quivered like a living thing. "  He took a paper from a drawer. "I frankly 
admit that I am unable to prove it. We have a cousin of his here, and I daresay he could tell you where he is. Let me hear you reconstruct 
the man by an examination of it. "You remember that a stonemason, named Slater, 
walking from Forest Row about one o'clock in the morning--two days before the murder--stopped as he passed the grounds and looked at the square of light still shining among the trees. A minute examination of the circumstances served only to make 
the case more complex. Then, reassured by the absolute stillness and by the growing light, I took my courage in both hands and stole back along the path which I had come. So you 
actually were not able to see that that man was a sergeant of Marines?"  "No, indeed. "God He knows that I am not worthy to be her humble servant. A wild shrill clamor rose from the edge of the wood and suddenly a body of ape-men rushed out with clubs and stones, and made for the center of the Indian line. "They are never 
sold upon hats. It is well thought of!"  "What do you mean?"  He took an orange from the cupboard, and tearing it to pieces he squeezed out the pips upon the table. Smith, at Smith's Wharf, or at 221b 
Baker Street, as to the whereabouts of the said Mordecai Smith and the launch Aurora. "Ma 
foi!" cried the bowman, passing his fingers through his curls, "you were not far from the feather-bed then, mon gar. "  "Or mayhap they have come to the mouth of the gorge, and are marshalling their ranks. Only a few weeks ago she was cleaning out Sir Charles's study--it had never been touched since his death--and she found the ashes of a burned letter in the back of the grate. As for myself, I 
was silent, for the dull weather and the melancholy business upon which we were engaged, depressed my spirits. A yellow 
bar falling across the black foreground showed that the door was not quite closed, and one window in the upper story was brightly illuminated. "  "Nor for the honor of Scotland either," cried the Earl of Angus. He found her 
alone in the sitting-room that same evening, and he poured his troubles into her ear. But above, perched each upon its own stone, tall, gray, and withered, more like dead and dried specimens than actual living creatures, sat the horrible males, absolutely motionless save for the rolling of their red eyes or an occasional snap of their rat-trap beaks as a dragon-fly went past them. "We are all freemen, and I trow that a yeoman's cudgel is as good as a forester's knife. Not a soul, not one soul, not my nearest and dearest, knew that I was playing it. "  Edricson came, however, of that sturdy Saxon blood which is very slowly heated, but once up not easily to be cooled. "  "Certes, he would have a welcome for you," quoth Sir Nigel; "but indeed he might look askance at one who comes without permit over the marches. 
Throwing aside my cigarette, I closed my hand upon the butt of my revolver and, walking swiftly up to the door, I looked in. Without any 
open scandal, he still made India too hot to hold him. "  "Well, well, it is surely not quite so bad as that. Young West took the papers. By it he laid the box of matches and the stump of a candle. I had it from the stevedore who has been loading their cargo. In the latter, as may be remembered, Sherlock Holmes was able, by winding up the dead man's watch, to prove that it had been wound up two hours before, and that therefore the deceased had gone to bed within that time--a deduction which was of the greatest importance in clearing up the case. "  We had all risen to our feet, our prisoner breathing hard, with a stalwart constable on each side of him. '--'Are we never to get out of the 
Valley of Fear?' I have asked him when I have seen him more serious than usual. When I at last drew him down on to the sofa, his mouth and eyelids were all puckered on one side, and I saw that he had a stroke. "I leave it to any 
expert in the world whether that is not the mark of his thumb. Was it taken from him in order to conceal the station from which he came?  It is possible. They all preserve, however, the 
common characteristics of barrenness, inhospitality, and misery. If the human race 
must die to-day, it was at least upon a glorious death-bed. This morning I began very early, and at eight o'clock I reached Halliday's Private Hotel, in Little George Street. When I came to I found that it was still bleeding, so I tied one end of my handkerchief very tightly round the wrist and braced it up with a twig. We must be wary for a 
while, if we are to get the information which we want. They had driven him home a dozen times from Serpentine-mews, and knew all about him. "  It was arranged as he suggested, though Miss Harrison excused herself from leaving the bedroom, in accordance with Holmes's suggestion. And then, under this high-pitched, ringing sound there was another, more intermittent, a low, deep-chested laugh, a growling, throaty gurgle of merriment which formed a grotesque accompaniment to the shriek with which it was blended. Challenger called out from the sofa that she was fainting. I had effected some cures among them upon my way up the river, and had impressed them considerably with my personality, so that I was not surprised to find myself eagerly awaited upon my return. I had imagined that I had reached the end of my adventures, but a very unexpected occurrence showed me that there were surprises still in store for me. '  "'You understand, Mr. Brown, I am quite at your disposal. The only duplicate 
which existed, so far as I knew, was that which belonged to my servant, Bannister--a man who has looked after my room for ten years, and whose honesty is absolutely above suspicion. On all 
the French marches are droves of outcasts, reivers, spoilers, and draw-latches, of whom I judge that these are some, though I marvel that they should dare to come so nigh to the castle of the seneschal. I went up to the house with the Inspector, and saw all that was to be seen. There's a 
place, however, on the wooden fence which skirts the road which shows signs, they tell me, as if some one had got over, and had snapped the top of the rail in doing so. It's like my luck! You remember when the stand fell at Doncaster? Well, I was the only journalist in the stand, and my journal the only one that had no account of it, for I was too shaken to write it. "Yes, holy father," he answered. "A good many people have wanted to know 
how he finds things out. "  "Yes. "  "Can we? It is not so easy as you seem to think. "Yet this is no English word, 
my sweet lord. "  "What then?"  "We shall get out at Canterbury. Watson," cried the woman in a pleading voice. 
Her sufferings were physical as well as mental, for over one eye rose a hideous, plum-coloured swelling, which her maid, a tall, austere woman, was bathing assiduously with vinegar and water. To me all this was dreadful and deplorable. In the late 
afternoon we reached the margin of the lake, and as we emerged from the bush and saw the sheet of water stretching before us our native friends set up a shrill cry of joy and pointed eagerly in front of them. We made careful note of the place, and next day I drew four plans, one for each of us, and put the sign of the four of us at the bottom, for we had sworn that we should each always act for all, so that none might take advantage. I observed that he was 
smoking with extraordinary rapidity. The question now was, who was the man and who was it brought him the coronet?  "It is an old maxim of mine that when you have excluded the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth. "I'll see what I can spare you out of my own battery," said he. Make 
any excuse so as not to come with him. Holmes, came round to us this evening, though how he found us is more than I can think, and he showed us very clearly and kindly that I was wrong and that Frank was right, and that we should be putting ourselves in the wrong if we were so secret. The cavaliers could not but pull up their horses to look at them, for a stranger pair were never seen journeying together. "  "Have you it here?"  "That is it on the dressing-table. "'I am sorry that I broke my promise, 
Jack,' said she; 'but if you knew all the circumstances I am sure that you would forgive me. It was clear, from the moment of his rising, that he had a number of friends and sympathizers in the hall, though they formed a minority in the audience. S. , 1882, Grimpen, Dartmoor, Devon. Ha! That represents the last 
time that the colonel needed to have his machine overhauled, I fancy. He had been 
dressed and was seated in an armchair by the fire. His age, she thought, would be rather over thirty than under it. Phelps, of the office!' she cried. "His majesty here will doubtless order that you have this dish hotly seasoned when we are all safely in Castile. You have instinct and intuition," said he. "You are an impudent fellow!" cried Theresa. "  "Excellent," said Sherlock Holmes. "  "But his lameness?"  "The impression of his right foot was always less distinct than his left. Oh, it was awful to see!  I couldn't stand it, and the doctor was as white as a sheet. "But, by the Lord! if you get off after this, it's another story! So good-night to you--and good-night, Councillor. "Hush!" he whispered. 
"They have, however, allowed me a policeman, who may remain in the house with me. Then hey for home, and no more hawking to-day! A twelve-mile gallop will dry feet and skirt. Then she got better at last, all worn to a shadow, and with her beautiful hair cut off; but that didn't make no change in her young man, and he stuck to her as true as man could be. "I owe him nothing, and his friends are not mine. The scent suggested the presence of a lady, and already my thoughts began to turn towards the Stapletons. "  "You were satisfied that he could not have been concealed in the room all the time, or in the corridor which you have just described as dimly lighted?"  "It is absolutely impossible. "I have noted your absent mind, your kindling 
eye, your trying and riveting of old harness. "When Dr. Mortimer, Dr. Barnicot was due 
at his surgery at twelve o'clock, and you can imagine his amazement when, on arriving there, he found that the window had been opened in the night and that the broken pieces of his second bust were strewn all over the room. As we moved across it in the direction of the window, Holmes fell back until he and I were the last of the group. But--but--"  The inspector had stopped suddenly, and was staring with a look of absolute amazement at a paper upon the table. He chewed Downing's thumb nearly off before they could master him. "He is off duty now. You will find him at 46, Audley Court, Kennington Park Gate. Well, 
we shall see. If you have ever aided him in evil, help us now and so atone. "  "I don't think you need alarm yourself," said I. "Now this was a case in which 
you were given the result and had to find everything else for yourself. "  "Certainly," answered my friend, rising from his chair. Shoot straight for the 
mark, lad, and fair play for all. Holmes, and not to abuse your patience, there came a night when he made one of those drunken sallies from which he never came back. "They are not all successes, 
Watson," said he. He was a very retiring man, and he preferred to do good by stealth. Smith lying there on the 
floor, I couldn't bear to look at food. "  The lady gave a violent start and stared in bewilderment at my companion. "Arrest these men, Inspector," he gasped. Douglas, who was coming down the stairs. He stood on the bank with his back to me, and his 
carbine on his shoulder. I caught one glimpse of his short, squat, strongly built figure as he sprang to his feet and turned to run. "Two 
have been cut by a not very sharp knife, and two have had the ends bitten off by a set of excellent teeth. On my alighting there he turned the 
carriage, and dashed away again without so much as a look in my direction. The clerk having made answer that he had heard the eels of Sowley well spoken of, the friar sucked in his lips and hurried forward. "Are you armed?" I asked. "  "At what time?"  "Ten will be early enough. "He still carried the heavy stick which the mother 
described him as having with him when he followed Drebber. Division, whose leg was unfortunately broken. "It was at the shop of Morse Hudson, who has a place for the sale of pictures and statues in the Kennington Road. It was not more than forty feet across at the 
mouth, but it rapidly closed until it ended in an acute angle, too straight and smooth for an ascent. Take that, you hound--and that!--and that!--and that!"  She had drawn a little gleaming revolver, and emptied barrel after barrel into Milverton's body, the muzzle within two feet of his shirt front. "I think, gentlemen," said Holmes, quietly, "that we had best take up our position behind the door. If he came from outside on so wet a night, and yet left no trace of damp upon the linoleum, which was examined within a few minutes of his passing, then it is exceeding probable that he came in a cab. I confide it to your honour and to your love of justice. You are Holmes, the meddler. "We have a clear run 
here of seventy minutes," Holmes remarked. "  "I think that I see my way to clearing James McCarthy," said Holmes. "If the world has undergone this experience before, which is not outside the range of possibility, it was certainly a very long time ago. A blaze of yellow light 
streamed out upon us, and in the centre of the glare there stood a small man with a very high head, a bristle of red hair all round the fringe of it, and a bald, shining scalp which shot out from among it like a mountain-peak from fir-trees. "  "Sir Oliver Buttesthorn," said the little knight shortly, "I would have you to understand that, blind as I am, I can yet see the path of honor very clearly, and that that is the road upon which I do not crave another man's guidance. I have no doubt that she has only been to the side gate to see someone, but I think that it is hardly safe and should be stopped. Will you associate me in your investigation, or will you prefer that I should act independently?"  "I should be proud to feel that we were acting together, Mr. '  "'But, madam,' said I, 'I have not yet done what I came for. Watson," said he 
as he came panting up to where I stood. This woman's first husband is in that 
cottage. I knew those gloves well, and I understood their message. It was undoubtedly the German master. 
"Shall I demonstrate your own ignorance? What do you know, pray, of Tapanuli fever?  What do you know of the black Formosa corruption?"  "I have never heard of either. As they swept gravely in by twos and by threes, 
with bended heads and muttering lips there were few who did not bear upon them some signs of their daily toil. "'You awake, Jack!' she cried, with a nervous laugh. !" 
quoth Aylward, and turning round the shield he showed a round clear hole in the wood at the back of it. Lucas 
quickly turned back the drugget, thrust the document into some hiding-place there, and covered it over. With three swords through him he still struggled on, and had almost won his way through them ere he fell dead upon the stair. So strange and so brief was the episode, that the watchers might have found it hard to believe it themselves or persuade other people of it, had it not been for the undeniable fact that the circlet of gold which marked her as having been a bride had disappeared. He had actually arrived at twelve o'clock, and appeared to be overwhelmed by the unexpected tragedy. Holmes walked slowly round and examined each and all of them with the keenest interest. Here came the merchandise of all 
the fair countries which are watered by the Garonne and the Dordogne--the cloths of the south, the skins of Guienne, the wines of the Medoc--to be borne away to Hull, Exeter, Dartmouth, Bristol or Chester, in exchange for the wools and woolfels of England. I sit and muse and make an occasional note. "  "My brother, what has he to do with it? And your father----"  "Come, Alleyne, was it not you who would have me act fairly to all men, and, certes, to my father amongst them?"  "You say truly," he cried, "you say truly. "Pray be precise as to details," 
said he. He asked me if I would stand by the bargain. "  As he spoke the door opened and a young lady entered the room. But first I had 
the unpleasant duty of breaking the news to Barrymore and his wife. Then from the table he took a 
platter heaped with small pieces of charred bone. "  "Which were very well justified," observed Holmes. "That is the great Grimpen 
Mire," said he. I cleaned myself up, got back to land, and joined my ship without a soul having a suspicion of what had passed. 'The window!  For heaven's sake shut that window!' roared the Professor from the platform, dancing and wringing his hands in an agony of apprehension. He was more than six feet high, was in 
the prime of life, had small feet for his height, wore coarse, square-toed boots and smoked a Trichinopoly cigar. Mortimer. "  The other had been silent all this time, but I had observed that his more controlled excitement was even greater than the obtrusive emotion of the clergyman. But for the happy chance of the gold stuffing, your suspicions would probably never have been aroused. She was 
never, as I think I have said, ostentatiously affectionate, but she was heard by the coachman chatting with the Colonel in a friendly fashion. In my aching head 
the one thought was throbbing that there really was truth in this man's story, that it was of tremendous consequence, and that it would work up into inconceivable copy for the Gazette when I could obtain permission to use it. In its cold 
light I saw beyond the trees a broken fringe of rocks, and the long, low curve of the melancholy moor. Everywhere upon the still surface I could see signs of 
life, sometimes mere rings and ripples in the water, sometimes the gleam of a great silver-sided fish in the air, sometimes the arched, slate-colored back of some passing monster. There remained two busts, and it was obvious 
that he would go for the London one first. '  "I was touched by this filial anxiety. '  "'Who shall have it?'  "'He who will come. Moriarty,' said I. "  "Have you no remembrance of anything remarkable as you came up the hill?"  "Well, I seem to recollect that I was mighty sleepy once. "  "I have been blind!" cried the Colonel. Why did you pass these other chairs?"  "I don't know, sir, it didn't matter to me where I sat. They were of great service to me, and especially that one incidentally truthful piece of biography of Stapleton's. In the centre of the ceiling was scrawled, with a burned stick apparently, the number 28. Not till the day before the courses were the shields finally hung out for the inspection of the ladies and the heralds, so that all men might know the names of the champions and have the opportunity to prefer any charge against them, should there be stain upon them which should disqualify them from taking part in so noble and honorable a ceremony. It was now in the hand of 
Cecil Barker, who held it towards us as we entered. Let me advise you, then, to return to Norbury, and to examine the windows of the cottage again. "Good!" 
cried the north countryman. "Whom do you think that is to?" he asked, as we resumed our journey. "The old scale of pay, and a guinea to the boy who finds 
the boat. "  "They would be likely to agree on some meeting-place beforehand," remarked Holmes. I ventured to say something to him about cooling medicine, but he turned on me, sir, with such a look that I don't know how ever I got out of the room. "'"I have no idea," said I. It was evidently as I had thought, and some secret meaning must lie buried in this strange combination of words. "Did not your heart sink within you? 
Were you not smitten with fears? Have you not felt a curse hang over you?"  "I have not observed it," said the Frenchman carelessly. It would be likely to recur to a man in a delirium. Miss Burnet has not been seen by any human 
eye since the night of the murder. Lord John never hesitated, but, running towards it with a quick, light step, he dashed the flaming wood into the brute's face. He lay on his back, his knees drawn up, and his mouth horribly open. We know that a man is being done 
to death, and every hour may be vital. Suppose I show him right into a room with 
seven men in it where he expected to find me alone. May I ask for volunteers?"  It is thus that the great crisis of a man's life springs out at him. "The 
fellow had either very long legs or was a most active man," said he. When once the law is evoked it cannot be stayed again, and this is just one of those cases where, for the credit of the college, it is most essential to avoid scandal. His native accent rattled like a stick upon railings. "Whatever they wanted to bring me all the 
way up here for, and then--"  "Pooh! All that is clear enough," said Holmes impatiently. McMurdo, accustomed only to the prosaic performances of Chicago, listened with open ears and more surprise than he ventured to show to what followed. Line after line, and rank after rank, they choked the neck of the valley with a long vista of tossing pennons, twinkling lances, waving plumes and streaming banderoles, while the curvets and gambades of the chargers lent a constant motion and shimmer to the glittering, many-colored mass. It 
was all done in an instant, and there was the gentleman thanking me on the one side and the lady on the other, while the clergyman beamed on me in front. "I know not what to 
say or what to think. I fancy that, even as it is, Jonathan Small would give a good deal not to have employed him. I suppose, now, when you went into that room there was no such notion in your head--what?"  "No thought of it. "I observe from your forefinger that you make your own cigarettes. "  He glanced up at the white rhinoceros. But if your voyage were made in a goodly ship, which bore within it all your relations and your friends, you would feel that, however uncertain your destination might still remain, you would at least have one common and simultaneous experience which would hold you to the end in the same close communion. Each 
arrow passed high over the oak; and, of the three, two stuck fair into the stump; while the third, caught in some wandering puff of wind, was driven a foot or two to one side. Convinced that some tragedy had occurred, the coachman rushed to the door and strove to force it, while scream after scream issued from within. "I will not 
be sure, but I believe that it was only half down. Each of these ships is a 
galeasse, and of the largest and swiftest make. And to you, Lady," he added after a pause, "I bring from him this box of red sugar of Narbonne, with every courteous and knightly greeting which a gallant cavalier may make to a fair and noble dame. 'Never of mine, thank God!' he answered with a laugh, and that was all I could get from him. Nearly a hundred souls were in her, all told, when we set sail from Falmouth. Holmes, 
and he overpitched it. Here, on the left hand, there stands a shop window filled with photographs of the celebrities and beauties of the day. He had no friends at all save the 
wandering gipsies, and he would give these vagabonds leave to encamp upon the few acres of bramble-covered land which represent the family estate, and would accept in return the hospitality of their tents, wandering away with them sometimes for weeks on end. She has hardly been away 
from her home for a day during that time. Your dad says amen to every word he says. On his arrival 
he promptly found and arrested the man upon whom suspicion naturally rested. You'll find old Jacob 
Shafter that runs it as honest a man as lives in this township. has told all. But there are curious and suggestive details 
about the case, Watson. The explosion had blown in the wall and cut off the only path by which they could descend. ' (Great applause, in which Professor Challenger was observed to join. "  "And you have no idea who L. You don't seem to be so very quick, after all. '  "'Wonderful!' he cried, with his hands up. "Holmes!" in the insistent tone of 
one who awakens a sleeper. Softly we stole along until we had come into the other wing. "I say, look at this," said he. 'To continue my statement, however: I 
relocked the bureau, using the key which Brunton had left, and I had turned to go when I was surprised to find that the butler had returned, and was standing before me. Warren's 
whimsical problem enlarges somewhat and assumes a more sinister aspect as we proceed. On his rigid face there stood an 
expression of horror, and as it seemed to me, of hatred, such as I have never seen upon human features. "I fancy that this grey house on the right must be the lodge. It was the last time that ever either Ettie or her lover set foot in the Valley of Fear. The track which guided him 
was one so seldom used that in places it lost itself entirely among the grass, to reappear as a reddish rut between the distant tree trunks. "  "Holmes," I said, "you have drawn a net round this man from which he cannot escape, and you have saved an innocent human life as truly as if you had cut the cord which was hanging him. "Was ever such bad 
luck and such bad management, too? Watson, Watson, if you are an honest man you will record this also and set it against my successes!"  "Who was the man?"  "I have not an idea. This was a man from whom much honor might be gained, and 
I have seldom met any one for whom I have conceived so much love and esteem. Holmes struck 
the door just over the lock with the flat of his foot and it flew open. "Fortune has 
been your friend. No one else, I think. 'E's a very clever man, the master--so clever that 'e's clean balmy sometimes. Now, when you see 
that a young lady, otherwise neatly dressed, has come away from home with odd boots, half-buttoned, it is no great deduction to say that she came away in a hurry. "Here is the 
letter to which I refer. Things have taken a turn which I could not have anticipated. The torrent, swollen by 
the melting snow, plunges into a tremendous abyss, from which the spray rolls up like the smoke from a burning house. "The Coroner: How was it, then, that he uttered it 
before he saw you, and before he even knew that you had returned from Bristol?  "Witness (with considerable confusion): I do not know. The daily appearance of 
a brougham and pair could hardly have been overlooked in such Sleepy Hollows. "  "Oh, what an ass I have been!" I exclaimed. "  "And found nothing?"  "It was all very confused. "  "But Mr. I should like to know who sold you the geese which you supplied to the Alpha. The papers had been made up into sealed envelopes, one or two of which had been opened by the police. We have been on 
the look-out for him, and there was some idea that he had got away to America. There are laws at work in 
connection with the action and distribution of daturon which would have been of deep interest had the time at our disposal permitted us to study them. "  Lestrade shook his head, though it seemed to me that his manner was less absolutely assured than before. You must come with me first to the prince, and then back to the hostel; though sure I am that it would grieve his heart that any gentle cavalier should turn from his board to a common tavern. How 
wise and how merciful is that provision of nature by which his earthly anchor is usually loosened by many little imperceptible tugs, until his consciousness has drifted out of its untenable earthly harbor into the great sea beyond!  Mrs. Of the stores which remained below he was ordered to retain as much as would keep him for two months. "  "I come to a part of my story now in which I should wish to be particularly so. I nearly fainted with the horror of it, and yet I had to keep a bold and smiling face; for well I knew that if I did not it would be out of my house that they would come next with their bloody hands and it would be my little Fred that would be screaming for his father. The doctor said Brenda must have been dead at least six hours. "'Ah, Jack,' she said, 'I have just been in to see if I can 
be of any assistance to our new neighbors. Even now I can't for the life of me understand why you should have worked it in so extraordinary a manner. "This unexpected occurrence," he said, "has caused us rather to lose sight of the original purpose of our journey. Then he handed me a yellow-backed novel, and moving my chair a little sideways, that my own shadow might not fall upon the page, he begged me to read aloud to him. Seeing himself 
discovered, the man rushed out from his hiding-place, and bounded at the top of his speed down the line of archers, keeping a good hundred paces to the front of them. "I wished Mr. Baynes, upon your attention to detail in your examination of it. This side of his nature, however, appears never to have been turned towards his wife. "  "Nigh upon ten thousand," said one of the young men; "we are the persecuted children of God--the chosen of the Angel Merona. My instinct now is 
to work from the other end. "  "My dear fellow, it would be a colossal task. From their conversation I have gathered that they have been married about seven years, that he was a widower, and that his only child by the first wife was the daughter who has gone to Philadelphia. I've never 
breathed a word about it yet to mortal man. "It was in the north country. "  Holmes walked across to the desk and dabbed a little ink from each bottle on to the blotting paper. But, dear me, what's this? Somebody hurt? Not--don't tell me that it is our friend Sir Henry!" He hurried past me and stooped over the dead man. "Is 
anything on the back of the card?"  I turned it over. "He walked down the road and went into one or two liquor 
shops, staying for nearly half-an-hour in the last of them. "If we can win another sixty 
paces we are safe. It's you. Those are my sisters, Sarah and Mary. "  "But you have no notion as to what it could have been?"  "None. The habit grew upon him, as I understand, from some foolish freak when he was at college; for having read De Quincey's description of his dreams and sensations, he had drenched his tobacco with laudanum in an attempt to produce the same effects. "Since you are good enough to allow it, I shall most certainly take it upon myself to act as pioneer upon this occasion. "You have 
not made it clear what was Colonel Moran's motive in murdering the Honourable Ronald Adair?"  "Ah! my dear Watson, there we come into those realms of conjecture, where the most logical mind may be at fault. "  "Well, I've had a good day and no mistake," said the cabman with a grin. 
Holmes was silent and motionless; but I could tell that he was keenly alert, and that his eyes were fixed intently upon the stream of passers-by. "Yes, this is 
the great Agra treasure. "     CHAPTER II. "  "Yet enough for my purpose, I doubt not. I believe that on the day of the 
murder Adair had discovered that Moran was cheating. "Ames," he said, when the butler entered, "where is Mr. These strange details, far from making the case more difficult, have really had the effect of making it less so. The body could 
only have come on the line in that way. Through the fogged glass I dimly saw a man 
spring up from a chair beside the fire, and heard a sharp cry from within the room. "I've never 
seen such injuries since the Birlstone railway smash. We can say no fairer. It was a quarter-past 
ten when I moved to go. Having reached the spot marked by a line of light-green rushes, we poled out two canoes through them for some hundreds of yards, and eventually emerged into a placid and shallow stream, running clear and transparent over a sandy bottom. "  "So it is. John Bull. "How you scared me! Whatever made you come in like that. I have every reason to believe that we shall be in time to stop it. "Does this gentleman crave my 
pardon for having used me despitefully?" asked Alleyne. I assure you that there would not be the least chance of your coming back alive. "They 
are disguised hands, except the letter," he said, presently, "but there can be no question as to the authorship. My clothes were all sodden with dew, and my coat-sleeve was drenched with blood from my wounded thumb. Now, you remark in this note of yours, Mr. So! Now he looks a little more human. Can you come at once?"  "In an instant. I had understood that every paper in the United States was writing about it. What it all means I cannot guess, but there is some secret business going on in this house of gloom which sooner or later we shall get to the bottom of. So unworldly was he--or so 
capricious--that he frequently refused his help to the powerful and wealthy where the problem made no appeal to his sympathies, while he would devote weeks of most intense application to the affairs of some humble client whose case presented those strange and dramatic qualities which appealed to his imagination and challenged his ingenuity. Holmes drew a note from his pocket, 
and read aloud:  Abbey Grange, Marsham, Kent, 3:30 A. "I've nothing more to say to you, except 
that when my time comes I'll die the easier when I think of the work I have done in this valley. Do help me, Mr. You are, fortunately, the only man in London who does. She would 
then be removed to his shed or yard, and so be effectually concealed, while at the same time I could have her at a few hours' notice. Of an evening when they gathered together his joke was always the readiest, his conversation the brightest, and his song the best. I was confined to my room, terrorized by the most horrible threats, cruelly ill-used to break my spirit--see this stab on my shoulder and the bruises from end to end of my arms--and a gag was thrust into my mouth on the one occasion when I tried to call from the window. Mr. Holmes, you'll excuse my troubling you about such a trifle--"  "I think it's well worth troubling about. "  "The finest in your army, sire," Chandos answered. You must be weary, for you 
have had a long day. That is our point of departure. "  "And to what effect?"  Mycroft Holmes took out a sheet of paper. "  "I presume that this Jim Browner, the steward of a Liverpool boat, is the man whom you suspect?"  "Oh! it is more than a suspicion. "I say, look at this," said he. "You needn't 
look startled. "  "Interested, Mr. "  "So why should you not try your luck with Professor Challenger, of Enmore Park?"  I dare say I looked a little startled. I wish to heaven that I had rushed to 
the window! But the curtain screened it, as you can see, and so it never occurred to me. I have told you that she had only recently recovered from an illness, and was looking so wretchedly pale and wan that I remonstrated with her for being at work. As you lie dying, think of Lopez, whom you shot five years ago on the Putomayo River. "Well, well, he excites my curiosity, and I must really know before I leave him. "It was of the first importance, however, that we should be able to prove who placed it there. "  "Do you think that this man Horner is innocent?"  "I cannot tell. And yet this John Openshaw seems to me to be walking amid even greater perils than did the Sholtos. Hudson, our landlady, raising her voice in a wail of expostulation and dismay. "  "And the murderer?"  "Is a tall man, left-handed, limps with the right leg, wears thick-soled shooting-boots and a grey cloak, smokes Indian cigars, uses a cigar-holder, and carries a blunt pen-knife in his pocket. The one was a man with yellow flowing beard and very long hair of the same tint drooping over his shoulders; his dress of good Norwich cloth and his assured bearing marked him as a man of position, while the sombre hue of his clothes and the absence of all ornament contrasted with the flash and glitter which had marked the king's retinue. That any civilized human being in this nineteenth century should not be aware that the earth travelled round the sun appeared to be to me such an extraordinary fact that I could hardly realize it. I was fairly dazzled by the brilliance of it. It is the country of the wolf and the isard, of the brown bear and the mountain-goat, a land of bare rock and of rushing water. She hastily covered it. "  "It's more than a precious stone. Poor Mortimer will never see his pet again. "You were too soft for the job," said he. "  I was still rather raw over the deception which had been practised upon me, but the warmth of Holmes's praise drove my anger from my mind. "Where 
there is as much more waiting for any brave lad to pick it up. "A smoker, Mr. 
Alec, however, was a dangerous man to play games of that sort with. He had been on intimate terms with the leading politicians of several countries. It was a page torn from a notebook. The governor has never held up his head from that evening, and now the life has been crushed out of him and his heart broken, all through this accursed Hudson. It seems that Castalotte, our dear 
friend and benefactor, had been approached. I shrugged my shoulders. "  "Well, then hop. "  "Streams may spring from one source, and yet some be clear and some be foul," quoth she quickly. No, I thought over every possible course, and this 
is the best. Do not think that it was a delusion, Holmes. I was sorry you 
spoke. I spent the night in town, for I came up yesterday to report. You may have observed that 
some of them were marked with ticks, and the others--the great majority--were not. "Sure no one can spy upon us now. Let me give you another slice of tongue. I suppose you haven't such a thing as a carriage in your stables?"  "No, I have not. In what wildest one could I have conceived the nature of the campaign which it should be my lot to report!  Here then is my first despatch from a field of battle:  Our numbers had been reinforced during the night by a fresh batch of natives from the caves, and we may have been four or five hundred strong when we made our advance. "  "Tell me about last night. They were at the morass, and again on the path, and again near where poor Heidegger met his death. One instant of time had put aristocrat, waiter, tramp, and dog upon one common footing of inert and dissolving protoplasm. "  "Exactly," said I, "and so I will beg leave to resume my walk. The story, so 
far as I can make it out, is like this. "  "My sweet bird," said Sir Nigel, "I am right loth to part from you, but we are now at the fringe of the forest, and it is not right that I should take the chatelaine too far from her trust. It is more handy than a 
label, as there is no risk of the number being lost or transposed. "Ale, mes camarades?" cried the 
bowman, "or shall it be wine? Nay, but ye must have the one or the other. I pray you, Edricson, that you will command my guidon-bearer to put forward my banner. "  "They shut at twelve on Saturdays. The letter which I hold in my hand is from 
Lord St. "I pray that I may have more strength. "Not only that, but the signature is 
typewritten. Her face was beautifully flushed with her exertions and she held her hand to her side. "  "Hadst asked me in the name of charity I would have given freely," cried Alleyne. You can only throw mud at the men who have risked their lives to open new fields to science. "It's not the first 
time, either," said the policeman, severely, shaking his head. It would be done so quickly and so naturally, that I daresay 
the young man himself has no recollection of it. I had begun to take comfort too 
soon, however; yesterday morning the blow fell in the very shape in which it had come upon my father. Instantly a thunderous shout of delight 
burst from them, and we saw them rise from their seats, waving their paddles and spears madly in the air. "  "Don't promise too much, Mr. He is not an invention. "  "What a pity! He might throw some light on that which is so dark to us. "I 
thought you were queer from the first. Let us take the little table first. They 
had just reached this point when the young man seized his two companions and dragged them down into the shadow, where they lay silent and trembling. "Professor Challenger--personal--views--later," were the solid peaks above his clouds of inaudible mutter. "  I looked back at the platform when we had left it far behind and saw the tall, austere figure of Holmes standing motionless and gazing after us. Very 
quiet and still they lay, save for a muttered jest or whispered order, for twice during the long morning they heard bugle-calls from amid the hills on either side of them, which showed that they had thrust themselves in between the outposts of the enemy. Yet, though looked at with some curiosity and reserve 
by his more cultivated neighbours, he soon acquired a great popularity among the villagers, subscribing handsomely to all local objects, and attending their smoking concerts and other functions, where, having a remarkably rich tenor voice, he was always ready to oblige with an excellent song. 
"That's true enough, and we'll talk till the cows come home of the killing of Charlie Williams or of Simon Bird, or any other job in the past. "  I looked over his shoulder at the yellow paper and the faded script. He was 
brought back to himself, however, by a sudden little ripple of quick feminine laughter. He was just white with rage, and those light eyes of his were blazing with fury. North, and east, and west he looked 
with wild questioning eyes, and then he realised that his wanderings had come to an end, and that there, on that barren crag, he was about to die. He may be 
dozin', and at the worst he can only wing one of us, and the other should have him. Certainly, if the lad had gone homeward, he must have passed this, and he could not pass it without leaving his traces. "  "You have planned it all very neatly, whether they are the right men or not," said Jones; "but if the affair were in my hands I should have had a body of police in Jacobson's Yard, and arrested them when they came down. "An old soldier, I perceive," said Sherlock. Trevor, and, walking 
towards the sailor, he said something in a low voice. "  "To eat it!" Our visitor half rose from his chair in his excitement. Perhaps it would have been better if I had killed him, for he must, as you say, have lent a hand. It was his size which took one's breath away--his size and his imposing presence. Twice 
already in his career had Holmes helped him to attain success, his own sole reward being the intellectual joy of the problem. "  "Ay, but it's just that same that you have to prove," said McGinty, "and God help you if you fail! Where were you made?"  "Lodge 29, Chicago. Holmes, before we go?"  Holmes had picked up the powerful air-gun from the floor, and was examining its mechanism. Holmes walked over to his desk, took out a little triangular piece of gold with three gems in it, and threw it down upon the table. "It's dreadful, 
George, dreadful!" the lady cried in an agony of sobs. Tregennis, for any clue 
which can help me. I may tell you that poor Douglas had just one fault in the world, and that was his jealousy. This man has been seen since the crime, for he was detected and pursued by Constable Walters on the same evening, when he had the audacity to revisit Wisteria Lodge. "What of my own poor country?" said he. "  Holmes laid his hand upon the inspector's shoulder. Every time that I closed 
my eyes I saw before me the distorted baboon-like countenance of the murdered man. "And, by the rood! he hath some 
strange wares," cried John. I was aware that by anything of interest, Holmes 
meant anything of criminal interest. "  He took a pair of night-glasses from his pocket and gazed some time at the shore. I was thunderstruck at this, for it was the only memento that I had of her. "  "Hum!" said Holmes, "have you got his cigar-holder?"  "No, I have seen none. As the creature felt me grow limp in his grasp, two white canines gleamed for a moment at each side of the vile mouth, and the grip tightened still more upon my chin, forcing it always upwards and back. "And now as to the villains who seemed to be 
immediately implicated in the matter. They were followed by a banner-bearer who held high the scarlet wedge upon a silver field which proclaimed the presence of the famous warrior. She fought her way out again. "  "Well, I know that my father would have given me, not time, but a good hazel-stick across my shoulders. Instead of the gentle, deer-shaped head of 
the great three-toed leaf-eater, this beast had a broad, squat, toad-like face like that which had alarmed us in our camp. A stream of returning knights, of 
wounded soldiers, and of unransomed French noblemen, had been for a quarter of a century continually pouring into England, every one of whom exerted an influence in the direction of greater domestic refinement, while shiploads of French furniture from Calais, Rouen, and other plundered towns, had supplied our own artisans with models on which to shape their work. "I had 
thought of that. "You see," remarked Holmes, as we paced to and fro in front of the house, "this marriage rather simplifies matters. It was the well-marked 
print of a thumb. "But who are the English knights?" asked Hawtayne. And while 
the revellers 

stood aghast at the fury of the man, one more wicked or, 

it may be, more drunken than the rest, cried out that 

they should put the hounds upon her. You may well tell them by their clouded brows, for there hath been some ill-will of late betwixt the prince and them. "  "The queerest perhaps--" said Holmes thoughtfully. HOW THE YELLOW COG CROSSED 
THE BAR OF GIRONDE. "You must not forget that these good signori who have preserved us are also English. Holmes," he answered after a 
pause. "It may seem to point very straight to one thing, but if you shift your own point of view a little, you may find it pointing in an equally uncompromising manner to something entirely different. "And Mademoiselle's address?" he asked. There had been a schism among the Chosen People a few months before, some of the younger members of the Church having rebelled against the authority of the Elders, and the result had been the secession of a certain number of the malcontents, who had left Utah and become Gentiles. In front of the minster 
and abbey of St. Ha! did I not tell you?" As he spoke, the man, puffing and blowing, rushed at our door and pulled at our bell until the whole house resounded with the clanging. It is true that he started home at an hour which should have brought him to Westminster before the time when the crime was discovered, but his own explanation that he had walked part of the way seemed probable enough in view of the fineness of the night. There I remained until evening, when I set off for Woking again, and found myself in the high-road outside Briarbrae just after sunset. It is a 
considerable house, unfurnished, so far as I could judge, in the upper rooms. "Why do you 
say so?"  "A carriage heavily loaded with luggage has passed out during the last hour. But it was destined that I should after all have a last word of greeting from my friend and comrade. "You have no reason for fear, Mr. He was next 
Sidney Johnson in the office. Behind stood knots of Gascon and Brabant crossbowmen from the companies of Ortingo and of La Nuit, leaning upon their unsightly weapons and watching the practice of the Englishmen. The other dived down the 
hole, and I heard the sound of rending cloth as Jones clutched at his skirts. However, your unexpected visit 
this morning shows me that even in that world of fresh air and fair play, there may be work for me to do. I never went wrong before! I never will again. "Take time to consider. "Or, again, one might seize the other round the middle, pluck him off his horse and bear him to the pavilion, there to hold him to ransom. It is a bust in wax. You will find him at 126b Corporation Street, where the temporary offices of the company are situated. It is a considerable house, unfurnished, so far as I could judge, in the upper rooms. He held 
something which flashed in his right hand, and he stooped at the threshold to unloose the black hound. "The devil 
take your tongue, Wat!" shouted a tall young man, seizing the last speaker by the collar and giving him an admonitory shake. Once a 
white-necked sea eagle soared screaming high over the traveller's head, and again a flock of brown bustards popped up from among the bracken, and blundered away in their clumsy fashion, half running, half flying, with strident cry and whirr of wings. One night--it was on the 
twentieth of March, 1888--I was returning from a journey to a patient (for I had now returned to civil practice), when my way led me through Baker Street. To his north would be Flanders and the country of the Eastlanders and of the Muscovites. I will begin my research by going round and finding if each of them is at his post. On his 
lap he had a little pile of gold and of silver, which he was dropping, coin by coin, into a plump pouch which hung from his girdle. Twice since I have been with them he has been quite drunk, and yet Mr. She would often be lost in deep thought, with the saddest look upon her face. Shortman, the representative of the British and Brazilian Trading Company. Mr. Carruthers was a widower, but he had engaged a lady housekeeper, a very respectable, elderly person, called Mrs. The ring business and the card point to premeditated murder for some private reason. Andrew, where he hath kept his court these years back. "Come, friend Watson, the curtain rings up for the last act. The two forces made him 
lay down his gum-brush with a sigh of resignation and push back his chair. 'Yet, as you 
say, the money would save our commissions handsomely. I will read you the questions and 
answers as they stand. His chin was cocked upward and his eyes were fixed in a dreadful, rigid stare at the corner of the ceiling. Has any one passed this way?'  "'I have been standing here for a quarter of an hour, sir,' said he; 'only one person has passed during that time--a woman, tall and elderly, with a Paisley shawl. "No good news?"  "None. I generally have chemicals about, and occasionally do experiments. Yet you saw for yourself. It is horrible to me to think of him still lying there. "   Holmes smiled at the astonishment of Hopkins, which must have been reflected upon my features. I cannot live without brain-work. That is why I said, 'Thank God. "I'd like to see how it works. "  "The matter can be easily remedied," said the brow-beaten doctor; "Mr. When 
his companion and he had fled to some prearranged retreat--already occupied, no doubt by a confederate--the companion had persuaded him to leave so compromising an article of furniture. You see, at the commencement of an investigation it is something to know that your client is in close contact with some one who, for good or evil, has an exceptional nature. It was a homely little room, with a low ceiling and a gaping fireplace, after the fashion of old country-houses. "It can't be a 
coincidence," he cried, at last springing from his chair and pacing wildly up and down the room; "it is impossible that it should be a mere coincidence. The great bow creaked and groaned and the cord vibrated with the tension. Jack Crocker, had been made a captain and was to take charge of their new ship, the BASS ROCK, sailing in two days' time from Southampton. "You don't use bars, then?" he asked. "But I 
would not have let the young man come to harm. About six years ago--to be exact, upon the 4th of May, 1882--an advertisement appeared in the Times asking for the address of Miss Mary Morstan and stating that it would be to her advantage to come forward. Simple as the case 
is, there have been one or two very instructive details in connection with it. Of course, it instantly occurred to me that 
they had broken into your library with the intention of getting at some document which might be of importance in the case. Ah, even now I can scarce speak of it unmoved. "  "You may take it, young man, that I am versed in the elements of my business. Their concluding words had evidently been some form of sign and countersign. You cannot hold him responsible for that. The official looked at them with a puzzled expression. He had a garden 
and two or three fields round his house, and there he would take his exercise, though very often for weeks on end he would never leave his room. One could see that he was very carefully weighing his words. Sherlock Holmes is so well known. I 
am much obliged to you for bringing us together. But we are more like to hawk at the Spanish woodcock than at the French heron, though certes it is rumored that Du Guesclin with all the best lances of France have taken service under the lions and towers of Castile. On he clambered, with his hand shuffling down the long sloping crack, sometimes bearing all his weight upon his arms, at others finding some small shelf or tuft on which to rest his foot. It was close upon nine when he set out. We looked 
at each other in a bewildered silence, which was broken by a discordant burst of derisive laughter from Professor Summerlee. ' 'That need 
not hinder,' said Gourval, who was hot to be rid of us, 'pass in your left hand. If there be so 
much as a shadow of a doubt as to the form of it, it were a thousand times best----"  "Peace! peace!" cried the prince impatiently. Can I not see by your brightened eye how you would love to look upon these things? Come then with me, and, by these ten finger-bones! there is not one of them which you shall not see. You may prove to be as welcome as the king's purveyor to the village dame. Her dry lips could not speak the "No" which I saw rather than heard. "  "With designs upon the succession. There was nothing soft about our British hosts on that occasion, I can assure you. She died, and left this one child, whom for her sake I have cherished and cared for. The 
porter was so scared that he was going to fetch me, but Godfrey stopped him, had a drink of water, and pulled himself together. "  My friend threw out the information in a very offhand way, but I saw that he cocked his eye at me to see if I had followed his reasoning. A door slammed in the distance. Why should we not send a message out over London which would attract to us anyone who might still be alive?  I ran across, and pulling at the list-covered rope, I was surprised to find how difficult it was to swing the bell. All evening, though 
I tried to think of other things, my mind would still turn to the apparition at the window and the rudeness of the woman. When at last we reached the door and peeped through we found him crouching at the window, candle in hand, his white, intent face pressed against the pane, exactly as I had seen him two nights before. "He will come to anon," said the knight, stooping over him and passing his fingers through his hair. They were close upon it when of a sudden there broke out a wild hubbub from a distant portion of the camp, with screams and war-cries and all the wild tumult of battle. John, 
having come into large part of the riches of the ill-fated Templars, were very much too comfortable to think of exchanging their palace for a tent, or the cellars of England for the thirsty deserts of Syria. Then I recalled to mind that he had mentioned to us that his brother and he were twins. I never knew it until I was at the very door. "  We stood at the window and watched the cab drive away. "  "Oh, no!"  "Perhaps not with your tongue, my dear Watson, but certainly with your eyebrows. I know this forest country well, though I was born myself in the Hundred of Easebourne, in the Rape of Chichester, hard by the village of Midhurst. There was hope for all Nature bound so long in an iron grip; but nowhere was there any hope for the men and women who lived under the yoke of the terror. Garcia's rent was paid up all right and that everything was in order at Wisteria Lodge. It was then that I wrote and sent the paper to you, Mr. "I see the lights of a house ahead of us. "  "I fail to see how you could have done more. He assured me that I could do nothing. "  "Do not lose an instant. "The spring!  It drew blood. "  "You see you begin, 'Whereas, at about a quarter to one on Tuesday morning an attempt was made,' and so on. Jones yelled to them to stop. "Into 
the hands of the Power that made us we render ourselves again!" he shouted in his voice of thunder, and at the words he hurled the field-glass through the window. Lord John had followed me. "Both the inspector and the doctor will meet me here at that hour, and I hope by that time to have cleared up any little obscurity which the case may still present. 'And in every way such a glove as might be worn by the fairest and sweetest lady in England,' quoth the Englishman. Genius, my dear Von Bork--genius!"  "You flatter me, Baron. Toby never hesitated or swerved, but waddled on in his peculiar rolling fashion. I even embodied it in a small 
brochure with the somewhat fantastic title of 'A Study in Scarlet. "  "What else could I do if you trusted me? It wasn't that I agreed with what you said. Sooner would I bite living toad or poisoned snake. If ever a 
man was three parts mad with terror, that man's name is Pinner. I was forced to confess that he was right. 
The sea air, sunshine, and patience, Watson--all else will come. You see here on the sill is the boot-mark, a heavy boot with the broad metal heel, and beside it is the mark of the timber-toe. How 
long are we to endure it? Can we forever live--  "Sure, I've read enough of the slush!" cried the chairman, tossing the paper down upon the table. Slowly she advanced, her face pale and drawn with a frightful apprehension, her eyes fixed and staring, her terrified gaze riveted upon the dark figure on the floor. You walked round the room several times, and you knelt down by the body, and then you walked through and tried the kitchen door, and then----"  John Rance sprang to his feet with a frightened face and suspicion in his eyes. How long will it be first?"  "I don't know--not very long. I shall drop round early to-morrow morning and chat the matter over. As I passed the well-remembered door, which must always be associated in my mind with my wooing, and with the dark incidents of the Study in Scarlet, I was seized with a keen desire to see Holmes again, and to know how he was employing his extraordinary powers. "What have 
you to do here? By your dress you should be one of those cursed clerks who overrun the land like vile rats, poking and prying into other men's concerns, too caitiff to fight and too lazy to work. Appreciation of nature found no place among his many gifts, and his only change was when he turned his mind from the evil-doer of the town to track down his brother of the country. The other is the bicycle with the patched Dunlop. 
Hewett, Cook, Johnson, Cunningham, your men are of the poop-guard. "  "What will you do, then?"  "Oh, I have my hand upon him. "  "I can't imagine. Since it is morally justifiable, I have only to consider the question of personal risk. Sholto. It was that little hell-hound Tonga who shot one of his cursed darts into him. If he died like a dog among the mountains, 
what was to become of his revenge then? And yet such a death was sure to overtake him if he persisted. "  The shape of some monstrous villainy, half seen, half guessed, loomed through the darkness which had girt me so long. "Well," he insisted, turning to me, "what is it, then?"  "This man attacked me," said I. "  "You wrote it? There was no one on earth outside the Joint who knew the secret of the dancing men. It was from her that I had your address. "This infernal problem is consuming me. He has not been hurt at all. "And pray what am I charged with?"  "With making away with Mr. It is that big body of thine that I am after. "  "By Saint Paul! I will not touch your gold," cried Sir Nigel. His features 
were still composed, but his eyes shone with amused exultation. "  "Yes, certainly. Laura Lyons?"  "Exactly. I don't suppose he can always be so violent as that. "Well, after 
all, what does it matter?" I remarked. It was in real truth our only hope. Thaddeus is evidently in a most disturbed state of mind. "  "And yet she had a certificate of death. The passage, as well as the room, was 
full of smoke and the smell of powder. "It has been a rare phenomenon in the past and has constantly been mistaken for death. Sir Luke de Ponynges, Sir Thomas West, Sir Maurice de Bruin, Sir Arthur Lipscombe, Sir Walter Ramsey, and stout Sir Oliver Buttesthorn were all marching south with levies from Andover, Arlesford, Odiham and Winchester, while from Sussex came Sir John Clinton, Sir Thomas Cheyne, and Sir John Fallislee, with a troop of picked men-at-arms, making for their port at Southampton. By the way, 
Sherlock, I expected to see you round last week, to consult me over that Manor House case. As to you, young fellah, you, of course, will spend yours in gettin' married. He followed 
me to my room, however, that night with a very grave face. C. ' are placed before that hospital the words 'Charing Cross' very naturally suggest themselves. "  "Hadn't you better come and ask yourself?" she asked, demurely. Good-bye!" She turned and had disappeared in a few minutes among the scattered boulders, while I, with my soul full of vague fears, pursued my way to Baskerville Hall. "  "My own idea of the game, at any rate," said Holmes, with a smile. From this 
central block rose the twin towers, ancient, crenelated, and pierced with many loopholes. It will 
help you in following my investigation. "  "You may find you need it here," said the workman. "  "Stand by you I will, and that blithely," said Alleyne. I can never bring you to realise the importance of sleeves, the suggestiveness of thumb-nails, or the great issues that may hang from a boot-lace. It was a 
summer evening when he came galloping down the road and pulled up at the gate. No powder on her nose--that proved to be the correct solution. It had taken me an hour to come down. "  "It is quite certain that when Mrs. His position, in fact, was substantially 
the same as that taken up by Professor Summerlee at the last meeting. Go to Sir William 
Felton, I pray you, and ask him to come hither, for it is time that we were marching. He held 
out his hand to Baldwin. "You had a scrap once before with old man Challenger," said he 
sternly, "and you were down and out inside ten seconds. "  "Life brings many a cross," said the Abbot gently. My attention was speedily drawn, as I have already remarked to you, to this ventilator, and to the bell-rope which hung down to the bed. But the 
dining-room which opened out of the hall was a place of shadow and gloom. That is where he comes within my purview. "  "He can suggest nothing, sir," I answered. "Oh, come! Try the dish before you. 
"  "I don't doubt it, Mr. "  "I expect him here every instant. "And we'll learn from Birdy Edwards himself where he got his news if we have to cut his heart out first. 'If the lady who fainted on Brixton bus'--she does not interest me. And it shone 
upon something else which turned our hearts sick and faint within us--the body of Sir Henry Baskerville!  There was no chance of either of us forgetting that peculiar ruddy tweed suit--the very one which he had worn on the first morning that we had seen him in Baker Street. Mitton had been in Lucas's employment for three years. So had Mr. They had imagined, that I was lost in the woods, and had fired this shot to guide me home. "  "You arouse my curiosity," said I. "Or thought he did, which is quite another 
matter. "Who are you to interfere--you that are new to the lodge? Stand back!" He raised his stick; but McMurdo had whipped his pistol out of his pocket. The man who had 
addressed us mounted to the box, while we took our places inside. A page from the inner 
banqueting-hall had come with word that their master intended to drink wine at the lodgings of the Lord Chandos that night, and that he desired his squires to sleep at the hotel of the "Half Moon" on the Rue des Apotres. "  "You can't help me. I feel that there is reason lurking in you somewhere, so we will patiently grope round for it. Even if my comrades should not have missed me, and should never know of my weakness, there would still remain some intolerable self-shame in my own soul. "It looks like 
a flight. Probably he handed it to some sailor customer of his, who forgot all about it for some days. And yet they HAVE 
missed him up to now!" Holmes had gone to the window and was examining with his lens the blood mark on the sill. "A side-slip," I suggested. I thought of it by day and I nursed it by night. On the inside of the flap he wrote "S. With a darkening face my friend strode along the margin, eagerly observant of every muddy stain upon the mossy surface. The furniture and pictures were of the most common and vulgar description, save in the one chamber at the window of which I had seen the strange face. "  "Quite so. "Folk are gettin' out of hand in these parts. And yet they HAVE missed him up to now!" Holmes had gone to the window and was examining with his lens the blood mark on the sill. A monkish upbringing, one year in the world after the age of twenty, and then a free selection one way or the other--it was a strange course which had been marked out for him. '  "'I can promise you the one, but not the other,' he snarled, and so turned his rounded back upon me, and went peering and blinking out of the room. He lived at Sydenham, but he was likely to be in that morning for instructions, if we cared to wait for him. "  The table was all laid, and just as I was about to ring Mrs. There was no 
reason why those six should be different from any of the other casts. From his bosom to his lips 
came the crumpled veil, and he breathed a vow that if valor and goodwill could raise him to his lady's side, then death alone should hold him back from her. "And they did so. It is very natural that the pledge of secrecy which we have exacted from you should have aroused your curiosity. "  "Hast so indeed?" cried he. "From the time they know we are here our troubles 
begin. Every day, and sometimes twice a day, I have been able--but wait a moment, Dr. It had seemed simple enough at a distance. The presumption is that it was within a few minutes afterwards. Barnicot's rooms were the exact duplicates of the one which was destroyed in Morse Hudson's shop?"  "They were taken from the same mould. "   About nine o'clock the light among the trees was extinguished, and all was dark in the direction of the Manor House. At first this vague and 
terrible power was exercised only upon the recalcitrants who, having embraced the Mormon faith, wished afterwards to pervert or to abandon it. Before evening we had successfully passed the rapids, and made our way some ten miles above them, where we anchored for the night. The dictator, his two children, his secretary, and his wealth had all escaped them. Mortimer, with 
whose opinion he himself pretended to coincide. But he's not long for this world, as you'll see for yourself the moment that you set eyes on him. Can you remember any other 
little things about Mr. "  "Certainly," I answered, and the conversation drifted away into other channels. There is no use of arguing about it now; I tell you that it is so. "  "It was imprudent, all the same," said Holmes, shaking his head and looking very grave. Once some bandy-legged, lurching creature, an ant-eater or a bear, scuttled clumsily amid the shadows. They had been dismissed by their terrified teachers and were speeding for their homes when the poison caught them in its net. Yet it sent 
the blood to his temples again, and he wondered, as he turned away, what the Abbot Berghersh would have answered to so frank an invitation. It was low in the heavens, and I calculated that in less than an hour it would lie just above the topmost branches of the old oak. It was that foolish, irresistible Latin impulse to be dramatic which brought his own downfall. With hardly a word 
spoken, but with a kindly eye, he waved me to an armchair, threw across his case of cigars, and indicated a spirit case and a gasogene in the corner. Yesterday a lady, 
who has been known as Mme. "Danger is in the air that I breathe. I came in by train this morning, and on inquiring at Paddington as to where I might find a doctor, a worthy fellow very kindly escorted me here. That was the end of his visit, as you can imagine. You don't imagine that he seriously believes all this nonsense about a change in the ether and a danger to the human race?  Was ever such a cock-and-bull story in this life?"  He sat like an old white raven, croaking and shaking with sardonic laughter. "At the same time you must admit that the occasion of a lady's marriage is a very suitable time for her friends and relatives to make some little effort upon her behalf. Slowly it rose from our souls like the mists from a landscape until peace and reason had returned, and we were sitting upon the grass, wiping our clammy foreheads, and looking with apprehension at each other to mark the last traces of that terrific experience which we had undergone. Put it all upon good Master Hawtayne! Never had I so much care since first I blew trumpet and showed cartel at the west gate of Southampton. The Company was 
already well-nigh through the village; but, as the knight and his squires closed up upon them, they heard the clamor of a strident voice, followed by a roar of deep-chested laughter from the ranks of the archers. I've been a blusterous old husband to you, dear, but you'll just bear in mind that G. "  "Tickled, indeed!  He's much more likely to do the tickling. However, they 
could think only of this new haul; so it was I, and not a bunch of apes, that dropped in on you in the morning. At his remark I drew the weapon out and laid it cocked upon the 
table. '  "'Very good. '  "'I shall come down in a carriage to meet you. It's all very well for you to laugh, Mr. Then the West Section Coaling Company has paid its annual contribution. He bore no arms save the long and heavy sword which hung at his saddle-bow; but Terlake carried in front of him the high wivern-crested bassinet, Ford the heavy ash spear with swallow-tail pennon, while Alleyne was entrusted with the emblazoned shield. Will you come with us?"  "I think not. If you only realized--"  "There is no need why Dr. Give me a chance, and see if I will take it!  
Besides, as you say, men ought to MAKE their own chances, and not wait until they are given. Both 
Summerlee and Challenger were limping heavily, while I still dragged my feet from weakness after the shock of the morning, and my neck was as stiff as a board from the murderous grip that held it. Late at night there came a jailer with a straw bundle for their bedding, out of which he extracted two bottles of whisky, some glasses, and a pack of cards. "  "Villain! Scoundrel!" cried the Colonel. "  At that moment the door of the house burst open, and Thaddeus Sholto came running out, with his hands thrown forward and terror in his eyes. A cup 
of coffee would clear my brain. "  "Madam Derbyshire had somewhat expensive tastes," remarked Holmes, glancing down the account. How a Champion came forth from the East XXV. But why should any criminal wish to ring the bell? It is a most insoluble mystery. As it was, he suffered a long term of imprisonment 
and afterwards returned to England a morose and disappointed man. There lies our 
one and only hope. "  "I most strongly object," cried Summerlee in a querulous voice. "No, sir. "  The baronet and I were both upon our feet. "  "He appears to be a very consistent character. Wilt join us and jog on to 
Ringwood? Thy duties shall be light, and thou shalt have two-pence a day and meat for supper every night. But I take it that it is more likely to be some crony of the landlady's. I looked at the clock. That is the 
case as it appears to the police, and improbable as it is, all other explanations are more improbable still. "Come in!" said he. There he is, all safe and sound. I shall stand behind this crate, and do you conceal yourselves behind those. I had not the professional enthusiasm which carried my companion on, nor could I look at the matter as a mere abstract intellectual problem. It's cost me two hundred pound from first to last, so it isn't likely I'd give it up without gettin' my wad. I did the rest. There could be no doubt that Beddington had obtained entrance by pretending that he had left something behind him, and having murdered the watchman, rapidly rifled the large safe, and then made off with his booty. There it lay, so still and 
gray beneath the drifting wrack--the home of things noble and of things shameful--the theatre where a new name might be made or an old one marred. A subtle change had come over him. He is the only flaw in that chain so far as I have 
been able to test it. "I must try and make something of it," said he, "though I have no 
doubt that the first editions of the evening papers are out already with full details. Strong, fearless, and energetic, he had sufficient virtue to enable him to impose his odious vices upon a cowering people for ten or twelve years. "  Sir Nigel pondered for a few moments, and then burst out a-laughing. "The 
shadow has moved!" I cried. Lord John was standing at gaze with his finger on the trigger of his elephant-gun, his eager hunter's soul shining from his fierce eyes. It was not to make them rich that we did for Achmet. He would get quite mad if I wanted so much as to join a Sunday-school treat. "  "But your client--"  "Never mind him. Holmes," said the inspector with satisfaction. Then to me, at least, there came back the cheering recollection of how twice since we had entered the room he had roared with laughter. "You could not 
possibly have come at a better time, my dear Watson," he said cordially. But there is no help. If ye will but deign to follow me, I will set them before you ere 
a man might tell his beads. It must have bled considerably. You will see that I have said, 'I have determined not to go in for the examination. "When it is a 
matter of science, don't you know, I follow your lead because you are by way of bein' a man of science. Straker was brought back 
here, I presume?"  "Yes; he lies upstairs. What indications have we as to this book?"  "None. Let me see. I am nearly mad. "  "I am sure you did not, for a duster would have swept away these shreds of varnish. Dr. Mortimer, to think that you should not have called me in! You have indeed much to answer for. For example, 
how did you deduce that this man was intellectual?"  For answer Holmes clapped the hat upon his head. In another instant he stood at the side of the hole and was hauling after him a companion, lithe and small like himself, with a pale face and a shock of very red hair. If you like, we shall drive round together after 
luncheon. The will is very clear upon that point. However, it's a two to one 
chance that we get something to pay us for our trouble. "  McMurdo went from one to the other and drew the curtains tighter. The younger 
man sat over yonder; he knocked his ash off against the chest of drawers. "  "You can do what you damn please about that," said Barker defiantly. It is 
horrible to me to think of him still lying there. She is waiting now in the sitting-room. You heard him yourselves to-night. "  He tut-tutted and shook his big, obstinate head. "  As he spoke, the forest pathway along which they marched opened out into a green glade, which sloped down towards the river. "  "Then it is he whom you suspect?"  "I dare not go so far as that. Holmes! What is the matter?"  My poor friend's face had suddenly assumed the most dreadful expression. When confronted with his cravat, he turned very pale, and was utterly unable to account for its presence in the hand of the murdered man. His head was 
horribly injured, and the whole room bore witness to the savage ferocity of the blow which had struck him down. 
"Exactly. We are in Camden House, which stands opposite to our own old quarters. I had a row over you with Mawson's manager. "  "Is that all?" asked Hopkins. "  "Yet it would not be to a knight's honor or good name to lower his pennon. "That tries a man's nerves more than work, and more even than pleasure. This morning I had hardly started when the doctor in his carriage overtook me. "Meanwhile, I am much obliged to you for your courteous acquiescence. 
Barker. I am bound to make every inquiry which can bear upon the case. The blood-stains were very slight, mere smears and 
discolourations, but undoubtedly fresh. "I don't say now that he isn't a crazy man," said Sir 
Henry; "I can't forget the look in his eyes when he ran at me this morning, but I must allow that no man could make a more handsome apology than he has done. Then, 
again, I have heard it is no use your applying if your hair is light red, or dark red, or anything but real bright, blazing, fiery red. He had himself picked up the loaded hunting-crop, which was his favourite weapon. Milverton will send the letters to the Earl unless a large sum of money is paid him. Holmes pointed 
down the long tract of road which wound, a reddish yellow band, between the brown of the heath and the budding green of the woods. He and I seemed to be the only living things between the huge arch of the sky and the desert beneath it. I sprang forward therefore, and Sir Henry did the same. There was a strange, loud whiz and a 
long, silvery tinkle of broken glass. "Gentlemen," he cried, "let me introduce you 
to the famous black pearl of the Borgias. Having finished his scrutiny, he proceeded slowly down the path, or rather down the fringe of grass which flanked the path, keeping his eyes riveted upon the ground. It's cost me two hundred pound from first to last, so it isn't likely I'd give it up without gettin' my wad. But I think I have the key of the affair now. "  The hoarse voice of the seaman broke in on our conversation. The nearest of 
these was the hamlet of Tredannick Wollas, where the cottages of a couple of hundred inhabitants clustered round an ancient, moss-grown church. Holmes was standing on the door-step, 
with his hands in his pockets, smoking his pipe. ' There is as much sense in Hafiz as in Horace, and as much knowledge of the world. His wicked lust for gold kindled at the news, and he bent her to his will. Here are four cigar-ends that I picked out of the fireplace. "We doubt not, with the help of God, to see you 
very soon restored to those thrones from which you have been so traitorously thrust. "  "Then reparation is still within your power," said Sherlock Holmes. "And now, 
fair sir, I must hasten back to see how my rogues have fared with the brawn. We were still 
discussing it, endeavoring to adjust our minds to these new conditions, when a singular scene in the plain below arrested our attention. Having done this, he 
drew up the windows on each side, and I found to my astonishment that they were covered with paper so as to prevent my seeing through them. I remember that during our 
short visit we found the vicar garrulous, but his lodger strangely reticent, a sad-faced, introspective man, sitting with averted eyes, brooding apparently upon his own affairs. Such was the general situation last Monday night when the catastrophe occurred. "  The freckles started out on the lady's face. "What object is served by this 
circle of misery and violence and fear?  It must tend to some end, or else our universe is ruled by chance, which is unthinkable. "  "Only as a name. The supply of adult women was running short, and polygamy without a female population on which to draw was a barren doctrine indeed. "  "Surely, sir," said Alleyne, speaking in as persuasive and soothing a way as he could, "if your birth is gentle, there is the more reason that your manners should be gentle too. Besides, when ye talk of taking me to France, ye do not conceive how useless I should be to you, seeing that neither by training nor by nature am I fitted for the wars, and there seems to be nought but strife in those parts. "The importance of the point struck me so forcibly that I sent a special wire to Dartmoor yesterday to clear the matter up. "I say yes, dog! By the three 
kings! I have seen a man gasp out his last breath for less. "  "Over the cliff with him!" shouted half a dozen voices; but ere the archers could drag him from the rocks to which he clung Sir Nigel had ridden up and called upon them to stop. "We have to go, Eliza. We are only 
just in time to prevent some subtle and horrible crime. We agreed to conceal our loot in a safe place until the country should be at peace again, and then to divide it equally among ourselves. He swore like a madman and jabbed at me with an oar, for he must have seen death in my eyes. "There are a few of us who frequent the Alpha Inn, near the Museum--we are to be found in the Museum itself during the day, you understand. At the sound of my foot-fall she sprang to her feet, however, and a bright flush of surprise and of pleasure colored her pale cheeks. It is obvious, 
therefore, that there were many people who had the strongest interest in preventing Silver Blaze from being there at the fall of the flag next Tuesday. Someone 
had entered the drive. Possibly he leaves England and only comes back at intervals. '  "'What, be driven out of our own house by a practical joker?' said I. "I 
suppose that you would know him when you saw him?" asked Holmes. Holmes," cried 
our client. Mac, would be a drab and sordid one if we did not sometimes set the scene so as to glorify our results. "My dear Watson, try a little analysis 
yourself," said he, with a touch of impatience. "  "Education never ends, Watson. She must be a heartless creature to sit 
laughing at some jest within a few hours of her husband's murder. "I want you, Mr. Holmes through some business dealings which we have had, but I have every respect for his talents and his character. "Pray be precise as to details," said he. But I 
expect we'll have to look to London before we are through. " Holmes bowed coldly, and motioned the lady to a chair. Lying on his face, he rested 
his rifle upon a rock, and took a long and steady aim before drawing the trigger. Never have I risen to such a height, and never have I been so hard pressed by an opponent. "  "And your mother is alive?"  "Oh, yes, mother is alive and well. "  "Certainly, I will come at once. Looking back, the huge house was one blaze of 
light. The mother was at home--a little, fluffy, blue-eyed person, in a tremor of fear and indignation. We will nab him as he 
climbs out," Lestrade whispered. "We shall have a coalition presently," he boomed, looking 
from his wife to me and puffing out his enormous chest. "Well, my idea was that you and I 
could rush him. It is my business to soothe it. "  "Very good; and I will ask you also to do it blindly, without always asking the reason. Dr. Trevelyan," said he. Send him to gaol now, and you make him a gaol-bird for life. I should have put him at about thirty, 
though he was really some years older. For I would have you give an hour or two a day whilst you are with us in discoursing with my daughter, the Lady Maude; for she is somewhat backward, I fear, and hath no love for letters, save for these poor fond romances, which do but fill her empty head with dreams of enchanted maidens and of errant cavaliers. His thin figure and long limbs struggled and fluttered like a chicken being dragged from a coop. He saw the 
question in my eyes, and, putting his finger-tips together and his elbows upon his knees, he explained the situation. Things are quiet, so friend Challenger sees 
a chance to set the public talking about him. They are endorsed outside, as you see, 'Some 
particulars of the voyage of the bark _Gloria Scott_, from her leaving Falmouth on the 8th October, 1855, to her destruction in N. "I am a peaceful trader, and I am not wont to be so shouted at upon so small a matter. It IS such a 
pity! Now, you remember the sudden end of the engagement between the Honourable Miss Miles and Colonel Dorking? Only two days before the wedding, there was a paragraph in the MORNING POST to say that it was all off. "My nerves are fairly proof, Watson, but I must 
confess to a start when I saw the very man who had been so much in my thoughts standing there on my threshhold. One moment Alleyne saw the galley's poop crowded with rushing 
figures, waving arms, exultant faces; the next it was a blood-smeared shambles, with bodies piled three deep upon each other, the living cowering behind the dead to shelter themselves from that sudden storm-blast of death. Our 
seven hundred feet of elevation give us an advantage. Three or four of the men 
round the fire were evidently underkeepers and verderers from the forest, sunburned and bearded, with the quick restless eye and lithe movements of the deer among which they lived. "Your 
last remark," said Holmes, presently, "as to the possibility of there being an understanding between the burglar and the servant, and this being a note of appointment from one to the other, is an ingenious and not entirely impossible supposition. "  The name of Nauvoo evidently recalled recollections to John Ferrier. I had, 
therefore, examined the ears in the box with the eyes of an expert and had carefully noted their anatomical peculiarities. "  "Throw down your hilt, Edricson," cried Norbury. "Well, we carried him in, 
Abdullah, Akbar, and I. "I am convinced, sir," she said, "that this matter is a 
mistake, and that the parcel was never meant for me at all. Now the great salt plain stretched before his eyes, and the distant belt of savage mountains, without a sign anywhere of plant or tree, which might indicate the presence of moisture. "  Holmes said little more, but the picture of the old roysterer seemed to have a fascination for him, and his eyes were continually fixed upon it during supper. How Five Men held the Keep of Villefranche XXXII. For both these reasons I thought that I was justified in telling rather less than I knew, since no practical good could result from it, but with you there is no reason why I should not be perfectly frank. Sherlock Holmes 
and Jones sat with their hands upon their knees, deeply interested in the story, but with the same disgust written upon their faces. As I approached the window, which is covered with thick curtains, I suddenly felt the wind blow upon my face and realized that it was open. Why, she went up there to live in order to be near them. "  "Or that Mrs. Holmes," cried our client. "Well, in investigating this minor 
affair we must not lose sight of our main inquiry. There was no clue at all, however, as to their whereabouts. In order to have my case well rounded and complete, I have thrown away the life of my client. "  "It must be a wild place. "  "Very good," said the Professor, indulgently; "we leave it at that. "  I confess that I had my doubts myself when I reflected upon the great traffic which had passed along the London road in the interval. "They tell me, 
bowmen," said he, "that ye have grown so fond of ease and plunder and high living that ye are not to be moved from this pleasant country. He darted into the hall, and a few moments later his bullying voice sounded from the back room. On no possible supposition can we explain the evolution of such a race in this place. Thus, then, friend Mac in his report:   

THE NEW WORLD 

GREAT MEETING AT THE QUEEN'S HALL 

SCENES OF UPROAR 

EXTRAORDINARY INCIDENT 

WHAT WAS IT? 

NOCTURNAL RIOT IN REGENT STREET 

(Special)   "The much-discussed meeting of the Zoological Institute, convened to hear the report of the Committee of Investigation sent out last year to South America to test the assertions made by Professor Challenger as to the continued existence of prehistoric life upon that Continent, was held last night in the greater Queen's Hall, and it is safe to say that it is likely to be a red letter date in the history of Science, for the proceedings were of so remarkable and sensational a character that no one present is ever likely to forget them. "It is a noiseless lock," said he. "  "Tut, tut, we have solved some worse problems. Since it is morally 
justifiable, I have only to consider the question of personal risk. She was seated by the open window, dressed in some 
sort of white diaphanous material, with a little touch of scarlet at the neck and waist. Holmes gave a whistle of surprise. I looked with interest upon this 
man, who was accused of being the perpetrator of a crime of violence. You said it should not be again. It is 
from our friend Overton, and is in answer to a question from me. Rucastle came out to me, looking as merry and jovial as ever. "No doubt you think that 
you are complimenting me in comparing me to Dupin," he observed. You can just see if 
you look at it sideways where the sharp spring like a viper's tooth emerges as you open it. There was a main 
gateway of lichen-studded stone, each side pillar surmounted by mouldering heraldic emblems, but besides this central carriage drive I observed several points where there were gaps in the hedge and paths leading through them. He was in shirt 
and trousers, with no covering to his feet. "I don't know whether you think that McFarlane came out 
of jail in the dead of the night in order to strengthen the evidence against himself," said Lestrade. At first it seemed to be impossible, but I soon devised a means. He turned it over. "I wonder, since 
you are both maiden ladies, that you do not keep house together. Is she alive?  Has she perhaps met her end on the same night as the friend whom she had summoned?  Or is she merely a prisoner? There is the point which we still have to decide. At the side was a second one laden with bottles and glasses, on which some members of the company were already turning their eyes. Oh, if you do, Mr. You 
are aware, perhaps, that in this house all the servants sleep in the modern wing. He seemed to have been 
watching the clock as well as I, for it was hardly six before he began to talk with the same feverish animation as before. The shadows of evening had fallen, and the corners of the long, low, wood-panelled room were draped in darkness. Let him, 
on meeting a fellow-mortal, learn at a glance to distinguish the history of the man, and the trade or profession to which he belongs. Let us have a look at that!"  The plump young man led us to a spot where the top of one of the wooden rails had been cracked. So much is known to the world, but what I am telling you now is what I have myself discovered. ('Shame! shame!')  He had no 
desire to be offensive. "We will go back to the note which was handed in to 
Garcia upon the evening of his death. "It would be a grand help to the police," said the 
inspector, "if these things were numbered and registered. Holmes. If only you two know of this incident, there is no reason why it should go any farther. But the note 
itself. That was this morning. "You brute, George!" she screamed. "It don't 
matter. It ain't quite regular, but He won't mind that, you bet. "I suppose you are aware," said he, checking off points upon his fingers, "that the cranial index is a constant factor?"  "Naturally," said I. All that I have learned I got from a friendly native in the yard of our own inn. Even the professional detectives, _blas_ as they were in every detail of crime, appeared to be keenly interested in the man's story. A girl of fourteen, Patience Moran, 
who is the daughter of the lodge-keeper of the Boscombe Valley estate, was in one of the woods picking flowers. We had little time to watch them, however, for in an 
instant they had overtaken the fugitives and were making a dire slaughter among them. That's 
all. "  "Thank you!" said Holmes, folding up the paper and returning it to our visitor. He got down from his window and he went off, either alone or with someone. Yet the matter was so delicate that I could not confide it to an agent without putting myself in his power. It may safely be prophesied, however, that no one could have foreseen the extraordinary turn which they were actually to take. Of course they might soon 
get over the difficulty. "But the hour is late, and I must go. There's two of us, me and my son, and you can have the keeping of us. The place which Maple White's chalk-marks had indicated as his own means of access was now entirely impassable. Alleyne was 
still seated on the rock, his griefs and his joys drifting swiftly over his mind like the shadow of clouds upon a sunlit meadow, when of a sudden he became conscious of a low, deep sound which came booming up to him through the fog. "Well shot, old lad! It is indeed over his 
head," cried the bowmen. "  "Ah! He has left two nail-marks from his boot upon your linoleum just where the light strikes it. The house was a fair-sized one, standing back from the road, with a curving drive which was banked with high evergreen shrubs. What did you do next?  "We examined the room also. But Mr. It is that you ring for the footman and let me give such orders as I like. Peat-cutters on Blackdown and fishers upon the Exe heard the distant throbbing rising and falling upon the sultry summer air. But if you think I could have hurt that woman, then you don't know either me or her. "Have I not given to the common fund? Have I not attended at the Temple? Have I not----?"  "Where are your wives?" asked Young, looking round him. He had a garden and 
two or three fields round his house, and there he would take his exercise, though very often for weeks on end he would never leave his room. It seems that the humans hold one side of this plateau--over yonder, where you saw the caves--and the ape-men hold this side, and there is bloody war between them all the time. He was roused, however, from his pleasant reverie by the 
sound of voices, and two people emerged from the forest some little way to his right and moved across the field in the direction of the bridge. The road by 
which Maple White had ascended was no longer available. I should have thought shame upon 
my manhood, as well as my monkhood, if I had held back my hand from her. "  A shriek of laughter came across the abyss. "  "The case has been an interesting one," remarked Holmes when our visitors had left us, "because it serves to show very clearly how simple the explanation may be of an affair which at first sight seems to be almost inexplicable. It is my experience that it is only an 
amiable man in this world who receives testimonials, only an unambitious one who abandons a London career for the country, and only an absent-minded one who leaves his stick and not his visiting-card after waiting an hour in your room. "I am 
delighted that you have come down, Mr. I don't think we can even venture to smoke to pass the time. It was one of the main arteries which conveyed the traffic of the City to the north and west. From it he drew a folded sheet of paper. There were many marks of footsteps upon the wet clayey soil, but since the police had been coming and going over it, I was unable to see how my companion could hope to learn anything from it. A small boy was waiting upon the platform. Rasping up on either side, with oars trailing to save them from snapping, they poured in a living torrent with horrid yell and shrill whoop upon the defenceless merchantman. There were the broad outer and inner bailies, not paved, but sown with grass to nourish the sheep and cattle which might be driven in on sign of danger. He passes along the same path at the same hour, and to whom should he be going except to the convict?"  Here was luck indeed! And yet I suppressed all appearance of interest. "  We passed up the stair, unlocked the door, followed on down a passage, and found ourselves in front of the barricade which Miss Hunter had described. I know a good woman in the place I come from, and it's there I'd leave you till we can get married. Soon the flaccid organ began to 
slowly expand and show such a tendency to upward movements that Challenger fastened the cords which held it to the trunks of the surrounding trees. "  There was indeed the sound of shouting in the street, and a little group of compositors and pressmen was forming in the hall below and nerving itself to action. I was able to cover it up. "You can take two men with 
you--Manders and Reilly. When he dragged himself here one night, weary and starving, with the warders hard at his heels, what could we do? We took him in and fed him and cared for him. In either case, my 
dear Mr. "  "Exactly, but there was beeswing only in one glass. You leave him in this den for three days. How Agostino Pisano Risked his Head XXII. "He has played a not unimportant part in this drama," said he. There we were all four tied by the leg and with precious little chance of ever getting out again, while we each held a secret which might have put each of us in a palace if we could only have made use of it. "Just one 
hint to you, Lestrade," drawled Holmes before his rival vanished; "I will tell you the true solution of the matter. At the present 
instant I am most forcibly tempted to take Professor Summerlee by that silly old beard of his and to shake his head violently backwards and forwards. It was a relief to him, therefore, when their narrow track opened out upon a larger road, and they saw some little way down it a square white house with a great bunch of holly hung out at the end of a stick from one of the upper windows. Their leader, Goodwin Hawtayne, stood upon the poop and talked with Sir Nigel, casting his eye up sometimes at the swelling sail, and then glancing back at the two seamen who held the tiller. As to the other, there was nought holy about him that I could see, and it would be cheaper for me to pray for myself than to give a crown to one who spent his days in digging for lettuces. It was about a foot square, and on the inner side there 
was a singular arrangement of lines, which I here reproduce:   They were neatly done in charcoal upon the white surface, and looked to me at first sight like some sort of rough musical score. "Let you have five 
hundred to-morrow morning. Barker. It looks as if the man got into the house after four when the curtains were drawn, and before six when the bridge was raised. "  "I will fly, Mr. It is a fair argument that wherever No. "Well, when he saw 
that they were indeed the proofs, it was then that he yielded to temptation. I might at any moment be seized and searched, and there would be the stone in my waistcoat pocket. I don't think any of our heads would have come up to his shoulder, and I am sure that he could not have measured less than six and a half feet. "Have I not told her all that hath befallen us?"  "You have said much, my fair lord; and yet, if I may say so, it is somewhat crowded together, so that my Lady Loring can, mayhap, scarce follow it. "No," said he, "I was in the box-room at the time, and my wife 
brought it up to me. From time to time I heard some vague account of his doings: of his summons to Odessa in the case of the Trepoff murder, of his clearing up of the singular tragedy of the Atkinson brothers at Trincomalee, and finally of the mission which he had accomplished so delicately and successfully for the reigning family of Holland. The young 
novice, however, appeared to have other thoughts, for his eyes sparkled and his smile broadened. "  "It is a long road yet to Brockenhurst," said Alleyne; "but here is such bread and cheese as I have left, and here, too, is a penny which may help you to supper. "She is very fast," he said. "Everything depends upon our speed. "  "I assure you that I am in your hands. If ever a man was three parts mad with terror, that man's name is Pinner. "  "You can tell us, Godfrey," said Du Guesclin to the French squire: "how came these men into the castle, and what succors can we count upon? By St. Holder. "Oh, my God! what a blind fool I have been! And his asking to be allowed to go out for five minutes! The dear fellow wanted to see if the missing piece were at the scene of the struggle. I cannot bear it, I, and so my trusty Raoul goes ever before me with a cudgel to drive them from my path. So I 
thought it was time we made a break for it. "The thing, however, is, as you 
say, of the simplest. And now, my dear Watson, we have had some weeks of severe work, and for one evening, I think, we may turn our thoughts into more pleasant channels. Holmes continued his swift investigation of documents while his prisoner cursed and swore. You've questioned her long enough, you gentlemen, and now she is coming to her own room, just with her old Theresa, to get the rest that she badly needs. You are to ask the 
questions, Mr. Now, then, why did not Jonathan Small get the treasure himself?  The answer is obvious. "A 
well-played violin is a treat for the gods--a badly-played one----"  "Oh, that's all right," he cried, with a merry laugh. "  "Over the cliff with him!" shouted half a dozen voices; but ere the archers could drag him from the rocks to which he clung Sir Nigel had ridden up and called upon them to stop. ATTENTA three times!  How often will 
he repeat it? No, that seems to be the finish. 'Why, dash it all!' said he, 'I've let them go at six hundred for the three!' I soon managed to get the address of the receiver who had them, on promising him that there would be no prosecution. That accounts for 
the hammer. Knights and archers sprang to arms, convinced that some great host 
was upon them; but the guide dropped upon his knees and thanked Heaven for its mercies. He was a man with some amount of self-importance and a certain air of command. "  "She must think of her future. "  "Yes, yes, so you are. "  "I have been beaten four times--three times by men, and once by a woman. "  Three large stones formed a rough cot by the roadside, and beside it, basking in the sun, sat the hermit, with clay-colored face, dull eyes, and long withered hands. Personally I felt shy and uncomfortable at this 
obsequious adoration, and I read the same feeling in the faces of Roxton and Summerlee, but Challenger expanded like a flower in the sun. "Now, Watson, now!" cried Holmes 
with frenzied eagerness. "I think that if you knew all that I had in this box you would ask me to pull some out instead of putting others in. She is a 
heavy, solid person, very limited, intensely respectable, and inclined to be puritanical. "Well, my idea 
was that you and I could rush him. Watson, but, unhappily, only in time to find 
that the worst had already occurred. The girl fled away to the house, but as she ran she looked back and saw that the stranger was leaning through the window. I might, it is true, have reversed my boots, as I have done on similar occasions, but the sight of three sets of tracks in one direction would certainly have suggested a deception. "You enlarge my view of the possible. "  "Third right, fourth left," answered the assistant promptly, closing the door. "Don't trouble yourself about it, Mr. Malone, I have given 
you rather more of my time than I had intended. "Well, it is quite evident that there are two 
men--more, perhaps, but at least two--who are determined for some reason to get at this fellow Blessington. "  "We should not be here if you hadn't," said I, with conviction. "  "This is insanity, Holmes. If this matter is not to become public, we must give ourselves certain powers and resolve ourselves into a small private court-martial. He made no report of it at the time. The purchase will be completed in a week, and meanwhile you will remain in Birmingham and make yourself useful. It came out upon the landing opposite to a second more ornamental stair which came up from the front hall. "  "But the wager?"  "I have nought to wager. Bernstone, an Indian butler named Lal Rao, and a porter, or gatekeeper, named McMurdo. Stapleton still looked hard at him. " With dramatic suddenness he struck a match, and by its light exposed a stain of blood upon the whitewashed wall. From the Feast of the Epiphany there was mustering and massing, until, in the first week of February--three days after the White Company joined the army--the word was given for a general advance through the defile of Roncesvalles. The doctor had departed to his patients, and only the inspector and myself remained. "There are some points 
about that document, Lestrade, are there not?" said he, pushing them over. "  "Where is he, then?"  "I have already said that he must have gone to King's Pyland or to Mapleton. and Mrs. "  He went over to the door, and turning the lock he examined it in his methodical way. "Noah!  Noah!" he gasped, with a face of beetroot, while Lord 
John and I smiled in sympathy and Summerlee, like a dyspeptic goat, wagged his head in sardonic disagreement. "What's that?" cried the black-maned Bodymaster from 
the end of the table. "There was a pause then for about ten minutes, as if the person were waiting to see whether the noise had awakened me. "  "My friend Dr. "  "The matter is too serious for any hesitation. Let him go. He can save 
me--only he!"  "I will bring him in a cab, if I have to carry him down to it. "  "Good, Watson, very good--but quite inadmissable. I am not hysterical, nor 
given to fainting. I do not consider that it is hopeless to arrive at the truth. I was at Holmes's elbow, and I glanced for an instant at his face. It is your only chance. Coming down with unsigned 
warrant. You see, if I am to be squire down there I must dress the part, and it may be that I have got a little careless in my ways out West. "What is 
this, Holmes?" I cried. Every last one of them, semaphore, lamp code, Marconi--a copy, mind you, not the original. Holmes?" he asked. "Now 
Vincent Square. Now we come out on the Vauxhall Bridge Road. "  "Man, man," cried Sir Oliver, "your mind still runs on nought but blades and bassinets. "There are the lights of my house," he murmured, pointing to a 
glimmer among the trees. And then suddenly, with a crashing and a rending, a thudding of giant feet and a panting of monster lungs the beast was upon me once more. Do you tell me that in that 
time the guilty person managed to make footmarks in the corner, open the window, mark the sill with blood, take the wedding ring off the dead man's finger, and all the rest of it? It's impossible!"  "You put it very clearly," said Holmes. If his brother would take him in, well and good. "Saddle a horse, my lad," said he. "Then you have none in me?"  "In your friendship, certainly. We are faddy people, you know--faddy but kind-hearted. " No one ever moved in the silent woods. And yet it may seem a small matter in 
itself. Banneret or bachelor, square pennon or forked, I would not give a denier for the difference, and the less since Sir John Chandos, chosen flower of English chivalry, is himself but a humble knight. I had almost overcome my 
pride so far as to go back to the agency and inquire whether the place was still open when I received this letter from the gentleman himself. She will not be up, so 
that we shall have a clear field. "  Holmes glanced reproachfully at me. "  "It is singular that on this particular night he should have been up. Does that suggest anything to you? Suppose that some enemy of his old life had tracked him down and committed this crime, what possible reason could he have for taking his wedding ring?"  For an instant I could have sworn that the faintest shadow of a smile flickered over the woman's lips. Then who could this American be, and why 
should he possess so much influence over her? It might be a lover; it might be a husband. She little guessed the struggle within my breast, or the effort of self-restraint which held me back. Holmes," the inspector answered, with a knowing grin. 
Anyhow, they had come there during the night. There had been, so far as we could follow their signs, a tunnel by which the place could be approached, the lower exit of which we had seen from below. What do you make of that, Watson?"  "Chapter the second, no doubt. There, I admit that a bicycle is impossible. You don't know this Baldwin. I have already learned all that is in the public prints, nothing more. I did not gain very much, however, by my inspection. 
"Quite so!" said he, a little nettled. I mind that you said it was a splay-foot, and here's the explanation. He tore the drugget 
from the floor, and in an instant was down on his hands and knees clawing at each of the squares of wood beneath it. He had, when he so willed it, the utter immobility of countenance of a red Indian, and I could not gather from his appearance whether he was satisfied or not with the position of the case. "  "In the Italian Quarter?"  "No, I fancy Chiswick is an address which is more likely to find him. The 
cellar! There was the end of this tangled clue. "It must be an awesome thing to have so much blood upon one's soul. "You can take two men 
with you--Manders and Reilly. May God be with you!"  "May God be with you, young man!" she cried. In some way I had excited the suspicion of Lopez, the secretary. I give you my word that all the way, the 
father and the daughter were walking in front of us. '  "He handed me the very paper which I have here, Watson, and this is the strange catechism to which each Musgrave had to submit when he came to man's estate. So excited and alarmed was he that I was compelled to go down to the spot where the animal had been and look around for it. That's all. There is a huge error which it may take some little time to rectify. The setting sun 
shone full upon the passage floor, and I could see that the old, foot-worn gray stones with which it was paved were firmly cemented together, and had certainly not been moved for many a long year. And embedded in it are these very singular enclosures. My companion let down the window, and I caught a glimpse of a low, arched doorway with a lamp burning above it. His face was flushed with anger and his brows were wrinkled, like one who is at his wit's ends what to do. And here he comes, if I am not mistaken, to resolve all our doubts. "If your Majesty would 
condescend to state your case," he remarked, "I should be better able to advise you. " He cantered on as he spoke, while Alleyne, having dispensed two more pence, left the old dame standing by the furthest cottage of Hordle, with her shrill voice raised in blessings instead of revilings. Twice I have with my own ears 
heard the sound which resembled the distant baying of a hound. "  "What a prosaic motive!  It seems to take all the romance out of it. Clear the 
causeway for the king's own man. If our door were in the hands of the Sepoys the place must fall, and the women and children be treated as they were in Cawnpore. Mon Dieu! what men they were! Take them how you would, at long butts or short, hoyles, rounds, or rovers, better bowmen never twirled a shaft over their thumb-nails. "'Look here, dad,' said he with his eyes cast down, 'can 
you let me have 200 pounds?'  "'No, I cannot!' I answered sharply. He has been my ruin and my downfall. "  "And you are he who taught me to speak the truth," she cried. "You don't use 
bars, then?" he asked. 'I shall expect you, then, at Eyford at 11:15. My only claim to being taken into your confidence is that during my many residences here I have come to know this family of Tregennis very well--indeed, upon my Cornish mother's side I could call them cousins--and their strange fate has naturally been a great shock to me. If you are telegraphing 
home, Mr. From the moment that I conceived the idea of the body being upon the roof, which surely was not a very abstruse one, all the rest was inevitable. The third flight of stairs ended in 
a straight passage of some length, with a great picture in Indian tapestry upon the right of it and three doors upon the left. The housekeeper was busied with some work in the back of 
the house. "  "I hurt my leg and cannot ride," quoth the bishop's champion. This was the 
contortion of the Colonel's face. The knife with which the crime had been committed was a curved Indian dagger, plucked down from a trophy of Oriental arms which adorned one of the walls. "Wrong! why he hath stolen every plack of clothing off my back, if that be a wrong, and hath left me here in this sorry frock of white falding, so that I have shame to go back to my wife, lest she think that I have donned her old kirtle. Malone?"  I had to confess my total and humiliating ignorance of the subject at issue. Now to work!  In the first place, how did these folk come, and how did they go?  The door has not been opened since last night. "  "But a blow! a blow!" cried several of the older squires. She remembered 
hearing some sound which she imagined to be the slamming of a door. He had been taken swiftly to 
Beckenham, and had acted as interpreter in a second interview, even more dramatic than the first, in which the two Englishmen had menaced their prisoner with instant death if he did not comply with their demands. "  "And it is--"  "That Miss Flora Millar, the lady who had caused the disturbance, has actually been arrested. "  The day was just breaking when I woke to find the long, thin form of Holmes by my bedside. "  "I suppose that none of these securities have been found among the property of the dead man?"  "No, sir. But, in my opinion, it comes more in Dr. "  "I feel quite strong enough, if I can really be of any help. "  My friend was an enthusiastic musician, being himself not only a very capable performer but a composer of no ordinary merit. After all, that is nothing; petty larceny, six months at the most. "  In the cab was a woman, half-collapsed from nervous exhaustion. Now he rose 
and rang the bell. The window, I may add, was not large enough for a man to get through. However, all this they would learn from his own lips. We will suppose that a minister needs information as to a point which involves the Navy, India, Canada and the bimetallic question; he could get his separate advices from various departments upon each, but only Mycroft can focus them all, and say offhand how each factor would affect the other. She was but thirty at the time of her death, and yet her hair had already begun to whiten, even as mine has. On one side of the car a waiter with some broken glasses beside a tray was huddled near the step. "No Indian here. 
Take this note as hard as you can ride to Farnham. He has done nothing except for my sake and because I asked him. His record was magnificent. Through the plank partition he could 
hear the murmur of many voices from the assembly within. Mrs. Carey has identified it 
as being her husband's property. "   Half an hour later I was seated in the newspaper office with a huge tome in front of me, which had been opened at the article "Weissmann versus Darwin," with the sub heading, "Spirited Protest at Vienna. In this way 
we get over the objection that no one would take originals when he could make copies. '  "'And a very good thing, too!' I cried. I assure you that I have never in my life seen anything more clearly. Why, it's Beppo. At six 
you can go. "  "Then, come. "  "But his lameness?"  "The impression of his right foot was always less distinct than his left. Let me have a report by wire at Baker Street before evening. "  "If it gets over the hedge we're done," said Summerlee, and his voice crackled into a nervous laugh as he spoke. Then, coming forth from the woods, 
they laid siege to thy castle, and for two days they girt us in and shot hard against us, with such numbers as were a marvel to see. "I am off down the river, Watson," 
said he. You see, I argued that if Drebber and his companion had become separated, the natural course for the latter would be to put up somewhere in the vicinity for the night, and then to hang about the station again next morning. High and bluff the English cog; long, black and swift the pirate galleys, like two fierce lean wolves which have seen a lordly and unsuspecting stag walk past their forest lair. On that the Secretary gave it up as a bad job, and simply bargained with him that if he missed the last train he should rejoin him at Halliday's Private Hotel; to which Drebber answered that he would be back on the platform before eleven, and made his way out of the station. "I have perceived also that on her mantle there is 
marked a silver cross, which is surely sign enough that there is nought of evil in these strange powers which you say that she possesses. "I really do not 
know," said I. Detection is, or ought to be, an exact science, and should be treated in the same cold and unemotional manner. Fresh editions of every paper had been sent up by our news agent, only to be glanced over and tossed down into a corner. Summerlee rejoined, however, with a sour smile, by saying that he understood that Millbank Prison had been pulled down. I have eight or ten similar cases maturing. What's this paper? So you have been to Coombe Tracey, have you?"  "Yes. Holmes," said the inspector, earnestly. Voices hailed us out of the darkness, but still the Aurora thundered on, and still we followed close upon her track. "  This last statement appeared to me to be so startling, that I could hardly believe that he was in his sober senses. Gilchrist, how you, an 
honourable man, ever came to commit such an action as that of yesterday?"  The unfortunate young man staggered back, and cast a look full of horror and reproach at Bannister. "I have told you all that happened, Mr. "  "By the rood! I had forgot him," John answered, rising and dragging from under him no less a person than the Spanish caballero, Don Diego Alvarez. Lucy Ferrier grew up within the log-house, and assisted her adopted father in all his undertakings. Your leaving the room gave him the chance he 
wanted. Acton's, and having thus got them into his power, proceeded, under threats of exposure, to levy blackmail upon them. "  "Oh, the cause is excellent!"  "Then I am your man. "  "On the contrary," I answered, "it was only last night that I was looking over my old notes, and classifying some of our past results. It was the tread of some animal--the rhythm of soft but heavy pads placed cautiously upon the ground. He pushed the bartender out and closed the door on him. It is a perfectly overpowering impulse, and I have more than once taken advantage of it. "  "Wilt find nothing in it to pay for the loss of thy own freshness. "Alone I 
did it. "This is worse than death, for it means disgrace as well. Now we might suppose that this murdered man--this Douglas whose approaching fate was known by one of the arch-criminal's subordinates--had in some way betrayed the chief. I shall not dare to publish these articles unless I can bring back my proofs to England, or I shall be hailed as the journalistic Munchausen of all time. He was a raw-boned, swarthy-cheeked man, with black bristling beard and a swaggering bearing. "  "Well, we're bound to take you on your own terms," said the inspector; "but when it comes to telling us to abandon the case--why in the name of goodness should we abandon the case?"  "For the simple reason, my dear Mr. "We had news of it just before you came. 
"If you will stand there I will talk. She was altered in some subtle way. Heidegger, the German master, was missing. What's that you've got?"  "Pretty things! fine things!" cried the little girl enthusiastically, holding up two glittering fragments of mica. The latter was Colonel Ross, the 
well-known sportsman; the other, Inspector Gregory, a man who was rapidly making his name in the English detective service. Now, however, instead of the great white cloak, he had no clothes on at all, save a short woollen shirt and a pair of leather shoes. "How now, Sir Mayor?" he roared, in a voice 
like a bull. She put forward a hand--such a gracious, stooping attitude it was--and she pressed back my head. This is the chance of 
my lifetime in that direction. "Is that the treasure, then?" she asked, coolly enough. "There were several gentlemen who knew my sad history and 
united to help me. Having thus, amid a general titter, played very prettily with his interrupter, the lecturer went back to his picture of the past, the drying of the seas, the emergence of the sand-bank, the sluggish, viscous life which lay upon their margins, the overcrowded lagoons, the tendency of the sea creatures to take refuge upon the mud-flats, the abundance of food awaiting them, their consequent enormous growth. Him we 
enlisted at Para, on the recommendation of the steamship company, on whose vessels he had learned to speak a halting English. It is sooth that I have received seven and 
twenty wounds. Now, Watson, let us make for Gelder & Co. Henry Baker," said 
Holmes when he had closed the door behind him. People did not hide in those days without excellent hiding places, and the hiding place that has once been used may be again. "  "Why, had I not met you, Aylward, at the Lynhurst inn, who can say where I had now been! Certes, I had not gone to Twynham Castle, nor become squire to Sir Nigel, nor met----" He paused abruptly and flushed to his hair, but the bowman was too busy with his own thoughts to notice his young companion's embarrassment. I proceed, then, from the morning which followed our abortive chase of the convict and our other strange experiences upon the moor. "No, it is not 
selfishness or conceit," said he, answering, as was his wont, my thoughts rather than my words. It was lying wide of the metals upon the left hand of the track as one goes eastward, at a point close to the station, where the line emerges from the tunnel in which it runs. A reference to the timetable showed that the 8:15 was the first train which it was possible for West to take after he had left the lady about 7:30. "Why, dear me, it sounds quite hollow!" he remarked, looking up in surprise. "  "Ma foi, no!" said Sir Nigel. "  "Come," said I, laughing, "this is a little too much. Maps were drawn and 
charts prepared, in which the future city was sketched out. "    CHAPTER VII. "  "That clay and chalk mixture which I see upon your toe caps is quite distinctive. An attempt was made in Paris and failed. "  "Then I will do it. His eyes twinkled, and there was even a touch of colour upon his sallow cheeks. The man-eatin' Papuans had me once, but they are Chesterfields compared to this crowd. Holmes stopped him at the head of the stair. Ferguson appeared to 
be a morose and silent man, but I could see from the little that he said that he was at least a fellow-countryman. I've done my work now, and I don't care how soon I go, but I should like to leave some account of the business behind me. Loud shrieked the brazen bugles from keep and from gateway, and merry was the rattle of the war-drum, as the men gathered in the outer bailey, with torches to light them, for the morn had not yet broken. "I've been moping in the house all day since Watson 
went off in the morning," said the baronet. "I've seen them buryin' a chief up the Aruwimi River, and they ate a hippo that must have weighed as much as a tribe. 4d. "I wrote my articles and thought 
little more of the matter until, some time later, I backed a bill for a friend and had a writ served upon me for 25 pounds. "And bring with him a flask of holy water," 
added the knight of Bohemia. The real reason lay in the reluctance which Mr. 
There was a low murmur of applause. They were as nearly as possible captured red-handed. I am myself a soldier's daughter," she added, casting a somewhat languishing glance at John, "and my heart ever goes out to a brave man. You have worked with it, and the muscles are more developed. "  "I was thinking the same thing," said McMurdo. Therefore I shall expect to 
meet you in the smoking-room of the Charing Cross Hotel at noon on Saturday. When the cloth 
was cleared, Holmes glanced at his watch, and filled up three glasses with port. Peeping into the open door, they saw a sight which sent them flying, with white faces, into the village. He stood in the shadow of an oak staring at her with 
parted lips, for this woman seemed to him to be the most beautiful and graceful creature that mind could conceive of. Then, the flight grew lower and the circle narrower, until they were whizzing round and round us, the dry, rustling flap of their huge slate-colored wings filling the air with a volume of sound that made me think of Hendon aerodrome upon a race day. "They've got her, that hell-hound Woodley 
and the blackguard parson. "I have not heard a man speak better since old Dom Bertrand died, who was at one time chaplain to the White Company. Solemnity and humility are at the base of all 
our emotions to-day. Finally, finding him proof against every threat, they had hurled him back into his prison, and after reproaching Melas with his treachery, which appeared from the newspaper advertisement, they had stunned him with a blow from a stick, and he remembered nothing more until he found us bending over him. Those empty lives 
which were wasted in aimless visiting and being visited, in the worry of great and unnecessary households, in the arranging and eating of elaborate and tedious meals, have now found rest and health in the reading, the music, the gentle family communion which comes from a simpler and saner division of their time. Has it seemed to thee, Alleyne, that she loves any one?"  "Nay, I cannot say," said Alleyne, with a wild throb of sudden hope in his heart. It is of the highest importance, therefore, not to have useless facts elbowing out the useful ones. But if he gained favour with his fellows, there was 
another quarter, one which had become even more vital to him, in which he lost it. We know now 
why Stapleton looked with disfavour upon his sister's suitor--even when that suitor was so eligible a one as Sir Henry. "Now, how 
did you know that I was going to propose?" I asked in genuine wonder. Put your ears down to my mouth. 
With the policeman we both hurried down, but only to find the street full of traffic, many people coming and going, but all only too eager to get to a place of safety upon so wet a night. You must make a clean breast of it, for if you do I hope that I may be of use to you. "  "I advertised for him in last Saturday's Chronicle," said she. "Granting the 
continuity of life," said he, in his most didactic manner, "none of us can predicate what opportunities of observation one may have from what we may call the spirit plane to the plane of matter. Later, I served 
under the Warden of Berwick, that very John Copeland of whom our friend spake, the same who held the King of Scots to ransom. "  "You never said so. "I am not aware that any other type of language exists in this continent, and I have notes of more than a hundred. If those cows had jumped on me he'd have 
never got over it. "I didn't understand that there was any relation between you. 
"You can see for yourselves that some one is there. "  "Murdered?"  "I don't say that. "  "Have you been in it since your adventure?"  "No, I came straight away for you. "  "How on earth did you know that?" I asked in astonishment. This old 
ape-man--he was their chief--was a sort of red Challenger, with every one of our friend's beauty points, only just a trifle more so. "  "Your net and box would have told me as much," said I, "for I knew that Mr. About the middle of the second day of their flight their scanty store of provisions began to run out. "  "Anything else?" I asked, for Holmes was turning the pipe about in his hand, and staring at it in his peculiar pensive way. There, in front of their 
respective pavilions, flew the martlets of Audley, the roses of Loring, the scarlet bars of Wake, the lion of the Percies and the silver wings of the Beauchamps, each supported by a squire clad in hanging green stuff to represent so many Tritons, and bearing a huge conch-shell in their left hands. There were two guides given us to start with, an oak and an elm. Banneret or bachelor, square pennon 
or forked, I would not give a denier for the difference, and the less since Sir John Chandos, chosen flower of English chivalry, is himself but a humble knight. "Window is snibbed on the inner side. He was a charming youth, and he soon fell into our ways. His 
appearance was glorious. "Quick, Watson, quick! Get it back again!" The wooden 
lid was replaced, and the drugget had only just been drawn straight when Lestrade's voice was heard in the passage. "  He helped himself to a cigar and leaned back with a fiercely critical pair of eyes, taking note of the effect which this document would produce. We humoured him too much when he was a lad and gave him his own way in everything until he came to think that the world was made for his pleasure, and that he could do what he liked in it. My submission pleased him and led him to further confidences. For myself, I used 
to stand outside the gate-way, looking down on the broad, winding river and on the twinkling lights of the great city. "  "Who was the criminal, then?"  "The gentleman I describe. Read upon the same day at the Abbey of Beaulieu in the presence of the most reverend Abbot Berghersh and of the assembled order. Just as he finished, 
however, we drove through two scattered villages, where a few lights still glimmered in the windows. I knew that he 
would be true to me, for I knew one or two things about him; so I made up my mind to go right on to Kilburn, where he lived, and take him into my confidence. "Oh, I'm in such trouble!" she cried; "I do so want a little help. )  "THE CHAIRMAN:  'Order! order!  Dr. His Mormon experiences had taught him that that was the highest authority to which he could refer. My master has 
heard that there is jousting here, and prospect of honorable advancement, so he has come to ask that some English cavalier will vouchsafe for the love of his lady to run a course with sharpened lances with him, or to meet him with sword, mace, battle-axe, or dagger. "Are they not fresh and beautiful?" I cried with all the enthusiasm of a man fresh from the fogs of Baker Street. He writhed his hands together as he stood, and his features were in a perpetual jerk, now smiling, now scowling, but never for an instant in repose. "  "Yes; but the next step wants considering. It is a bust in wax. "  "Aye, indeed! Hast been brought up at the Abbey then. "It's been out three 
hours," said Holmes; "started at half-past six, and here it is back again. The old man, still clad in his surplice, burst into such a string of foul oaths as I have never heard, and pulled out a revolver of his own, but, before he could raise it, he was looking down the barrel of Holmes's weapon. But suddenly I was aware of that which his keener senses had already distinguished. Barnicot, who has one of the largest practices upon the south side of the Thames. What 
do you think we should do?"  "Let Holmes know all about it at once. "I seem to have read that a sawed-off shotgun is a weapon used in some parts of America. I think that I am fairly justified in my inferences. Of course, I could not listen to 
the details without feeling assured that my poison had been used. Again, of course no 
subordinate would have dared to do such a thing. "Oh, nothing, nothing," said 
he, and strolled back to where the voices of the contending men of science rose in a prolonged duet, the high, strident note of Summerlee rising and falling to the sonorous bass of Challenger. It was upon the 4th of March, as I have good reason to remember, 
that I rose somewhat earlier than usual, and found that Sherlock Holmes had not yet finished his breakfast. If there had been anything worth her taking, it 
would surely have been locked up. Three weeks. '  "'The property can never be yours. '  "'And not a word to a soul. Stooping down, he loosened the stirrup-straps, 
bound his knees tightly to his saddle-flaps, twisted his hands in the bridle, and then, putting the gallant horse's head for the mountain path, he dashed the spurs in and fell forward fainting with his face buried in the coarse, black mane. It seemed to me that there was more sorrow than anger in his rigid and contained countenance. "  "In security I offer----" cried Don Pedro. I thought of it by day and I nursed it by night. It is strange that in one twelve hours the Abbey should have cast off its foulest weed and should now lose what we are fain to look upon as our choicest blossom. Such a one at Ventadour ran three courses with me betwixt daybreak and sunrise, to the great exaltation of his lady. "  "Yet our own army is a great one," said Alleyne. It is the five miles of country which makes the danger. "  "And sometimes, sir knight, it is a marvel to myself. Mac. "  "That sounds more like sanity. There are many men in London, you know, who, 
some from shyness, some from misanthropy, have no wish for the company of their fellows. If ever you write an account, Watson, you can make rabbits serve your turn. "  "Who ever heard of such a mixed affair? Every clue seems to slip through my fingers. "I've come over this little matter of Colonel Barclay's death. Seeing that his passion was becoming ungovernable, I left him and returned towards Hatherley Farm. It was then that I wrote and sent the paper to you, Mr. "  "Isn't it gorgeous!" said Holmes, grinning over his coffee-cup. "  As he spoke, his nimble fingers were flying here, there, and everywhere, feeling, pressing, unbuttoning, examining, while his eyes wore the same far-away expression which I have already remarked upon. "I expect we all do 
our duty same as we see it; but we can't all see it the same. Englishmen in those days were skilled and prompt in such matters, for it was so not long before that Edward had embarked as many as fifty thousand men in the port of Orwell, with their horses and their baggage, all in the space of four-and-twenty hours. There are six thousand men-at-arms with ten squadrons of slingers as far as I may judge their numbers. Gold Albert chain, very heavy and solid. "I assure you, 
Holmes, that I marvel at the means by which you obtain your results in this case, even more than I did in the Jefferson Hope Murder. "  "There are half a dozen about here that I have a word to say to," said McMurdo, with an oath. "I don't know how it is," said he, "but I had hoped for 
so much from his return. We shall expect you early to-morrow, and when you get that signal book through the little door on the Duke of York's steps you can put a triumphant Finis to your record in England. Below the bridge there is a perfect labyrinth 
of landing-places for miles. Then he rushed down the stair, out through the open window, threw himself upon his face on the lawn, sprang up and into the room once more, all with the energy of the hunter who is at the very heels of his quarry. Hark to them now, young sir, 
and say if I speak not sooth. He was to catch the first. If you would only come 
back with me in my brougham, you would at least be able to soothe him, though I can hardly hope that you will be able to explain this remarkable occurrence. "  "Do you mean danger from this family fiend or do you mean danger from human beings?"  "Well, that is what we have to find out. His back was bowed, his knees were 
shaky, and his breathing was painfully asthmatic. I found him----"  "One moment!" said Holmes. As to Challenger, he was wonderful!  Never have I so realized the elemental greatness of the man, the sweep and power of his understanding. Surely then it 
would be bitter shame to me, and also to you, since my fame is yours, that I should now hold back if a man's work is to be done. That was why I put them out. It's only what I have read. "I cannot explain. Before evening. "  The lodger occupied two rooms at the vicarage, which were in an angle by themselves, the one above the other. He was a short man of great breadth of shoulder, with vizor closed, and no blazonry upon his simple white surcoat or plain black shield. Then, right out from all the 
others and close to the edge of the cliff, were two figures, so strange, and under other circumstances so ludicrous, that they absorbed my attention. A scared man was the keeper; for, 
having chained the brute to a stake while he drank a stoup of ale at the inn, it had been baited by stray curs, until, in wrath and madness, it had plucked loose the chain, and smitten or bitten all who came in its path. Did you ever see a bed fastened like that before?"  "I cannot say that I have. "  McMurdo laughed incredulously. "By our Lady! and withouten disrespect," quoth 
Terlake, "it is in my mind that her lady-mother is more fitted to lead a company to a storming than to have the upbringing of this tender and milk-white maid. What is this 
that rises before me? Mist, mist, rolling mist with a square black tower above it. "  "Well, well, it is no great matter for my Company, for they were all houseled and shriven ere we left Twynham Castle; and Father Christopher of the Priory gave me his word that they were as fit to march to heaven as to Gascony. My fault lies in the fact that we concealed not only the body, but also the treasure, and that I have clung to Morstan's share as well as to my own. We are still 
faced with some big difficulties; but anyhow they have ceased to be impossibilities. "'E bit the 'ousekeeper," 
said he in a hoarse whisper. My heart leaped within me as I saw it. My note to 
you was absolutely genuine. If so, it would tell against this man Simpson. Everything fits together. Now, let us get down to business. Run down, my dear fellow, and open the door, for all virtuous folk have been long in bed. I nearly fainted, 
sir. Hope and his wife were both in the room from that hour until the loss was found out. His 
appearance corresponded to the sounds which we had heard. "Someone has tried to force 
this also. Holmes, that to-morrow is the first day of the examination for the Fortescue Scholarship. Then the gas would run low, we too should lie gasping upon that cherry-coloured boudoir carpet, and the fate of the human race and of all earthly life would be complete. The 
mist had lifted for a moment, and there was the abyss before him. "Well, it wasn't. "  She looked round into the shadows of the room. We have been together so many years. It is all right. Fortunately, there is one man in England who 
knows all about it, and I have made arrangements by which we shall hear the facts this afternoon from his own lips. When a man is lost it is my duty to ascertain his fate, but having done so the matter ends so far as I am concerned, and so long as there is nothing criminal I am much more anxious to hush up private scandals than to give them publicity. Do not dream of going, Watson, for I very much prefer having a witness, if only as a check to my own memory. I had come to believe that he was an orphan with no relatives living, but one day, to my very great surprise, he began to talk to me about his brother. But that 
Mycroft should break out in this erratic fashion!  A planet might as well leave its orbit. Unhappily, 
Murillo heard of his excellence, recalled him on some pretext, and had him shot. You won't put me alone into a cell, sir?  For pity's sake don't, and may you be treated in your day of agony as you treat me now. Yet we have not a 
moment to lose. "  "Perhaps they have not heard yet of all that happened here during the night?"  "Maybe not, sir. "  "And how do you propose to prove all this?"  "Well, if there were an outsider, he may be traced and taken. As he hurtled 
through the air, with giant limbs revolving, the lad's heart was in his mouth; for surely no man ever yet had such a fall and came scathless out of it. "But I don't see 
him. Whatever the cause, Colonel Moran began to go wrong. "There's our man, Watson! Come along! We'll have a good look at 
him, if we can do no more. He was insensible, but alive. No one could possibly find 
it. The characters are, as you see, exactly the same as the last one. He was pinned like a beetle on a card. "  Here was an offer which the company in an English inn at that or any other date are slow to refuse. The huge trees of the alluvial Amazonian plain 
gave place to the Phoenix and coco palms, growing in scattered clumps, with thick brushwood between. The house stands in its own grounds, but the west side of it is not more than thirty yards from the high-road. Holmes. "A pair, by the sound," said he. "  "I will take your orders, gentles; I will assuredly take your orders," the landlady answered, bustling in with her hands full of leathern drinking-cups. "We are now going to interview Lord Holdhurst, the cabinet 
minister and future premier of England. Holmes walked slowly up and down the ill-trimmed lawn and examined with deep attention the outsides of the windows. They were grouped round the bier in the early hours of the morning, when, to their inexpressible fear and astonishment, the door was flung open, and a savage-looking, weather-beaten man in tattered garments strode into the room. It is possible that our inquiry may but confirm his guilt; but, in any case, we have a line of investigation which has been missed by the police, and which a singular chance has placed in our hands. He insisted upon my climbing into his dog-cart, and he gave me a lift homeward. Each of them is the device of some noble lord or gallant knight who hath slept under my roof at one time or another. All remonstrance is useless, Holmes, I am going this instant to fetch him. Bethink 
you that if a man have a destrier or a new lance he will ever try it in time of peace, lest in days of need it may fail him. Its owner grabbed at its legs, but too late to 
hold it. "  "But the letter had also a greater distance to come. Here you are, and here 
you will stay until I will otherwise. Barclay has always, I understand, been as popular with the ladies of the regiment as her husband was with his brother officers. " and the start of a new sentence, or for a "----"]  [Footnote 16: "tho cushion": "tho" should be "the"]  [Footnote 19: "shoving": later editions have "showing". "It's a name for any kind of devil. Now, Watson, I won't detain you from your 
legitimate work any longer. "'Oct. 4th, rooms 8s. , breakfast 2s. 6d. '"  "Quite so. We shall want you to come to-night by the last train. Here they were, safe and sound, their work well done, and the plaudits of their companions in their ears. Alas! and alas! for the sight that met their eyes. '  "'That's not quite good enough,' answered Forbes. He hath them all--gown, 
jerkin, hosen and all. Only last night we had news that the couple had been hunted down in Liverpool, and they prove to have no connection whatever with the matter in hand. "Some wine, 
Tita, from the Florence flask! Had it not been for you, I tremble to think of what might have come of it. "I have heard that he is a fine swordsman. "  "I have a good mind to go to London with you," said the baronet. Well, have 
you got it? Speak out, man, and don't stand staring!"  An agitated German waiter had appeared upon the scene. Now the skilful workman is very careful indeed as to what he takes into his brain-attic. There was 
Holmes's Alpine-stock still leaning against the rock by which I had left him. The most elaborate charts 
would, as you will readily admit, be a poor substitute for my own intelligence and advice. "I have a love for you, Gaston, 
and I would not bring your house into ill repute, nor do such scath to these walls and chattels as must befall if two such men as this Englishman and I fall to work here. I seem to have lost the faculty of thought. "And there they may 
bide. "  "Meaning that you saw none?"  "I assure you, sir, that there were none. Now come up into the garret with me for a moment. What is the thirteenth rule in the code of the 
sainted Joseph Smith? 'Let every maiden of the true faith marry one of the elect; for if she wed a Gentile, she commits a grievous sin. For a moment I was left alone in the room, and I sprang to my feet with some vague idea that I might in some way get a clue to what this house was in which I found myself. I am weighed down with heaviness myself. "  "I would willingly give five hundred," said the J. We took Toby round to each 
in turn, but, though he sniffed earnestly, he made no sign. Didn't you say that you have sent him 
money?"  "Twice. You see it all exactly as I found it. I was seen by the sentinel, who 
would, I knew, direct the colonel's attention to my presence. Its reflection was shot back in ruddy 
patches by the distant pools which lay amid the great Grimpen Mire. McMurdo had been warned that some 
ordeal lay before him; but no one would tell him in what it consisted. "  "How long did he wait?"  "Half an hour, sir. "I feel a foil as quick and supple as my own. I was not absolutely alone in the world. 
Inference,--that your brother was often at low water. But I understand evidence 
when I see it, and this should be good enough for anyone. "One day, however, I got word that 
he was dying. "  "I saw nothing remarkable save the bell-rope, and what purpose that could answer I confess is more than I can imagine. "Well, now, that is 
real kind of you, Dr. He has rushed about the moor in a crazy state and 
eventually fallen over here and broken his neck. By the Thursday morning the whole army was encamped in the Vale of Pampeluna, and the prince had called his council to meet him in the old palace of the ancient city of Navarre. "  Never in my life have I seen such a sight. "  He snuggled down in his 
armchair. It is too dangerous--he suspects me. As to you, Ettie, you'll come back to me on your knees--d'ye hear, girl?--on your knees--and then I'll tell you what your punishment may be. Mr. Harker, 
will you tell these gentlemen exactly what has occurred?"  The man in the dressing-gown turned upon us with a most melancholy face. "Good 
God!" gasped John Ferrier. If he prefers to-day we are perfectly ready. "You may say before this gentleman anything which you may say to me. Hark to that!"  They all sat like wax figures, some with their glasses arrested halfway to their lips. He had, as it appears, been returning from Fareham in the twilight, and as the country was unknown to him, and the chalk-pit unfenced, the jury had no hesitation in bringing in a verdict of 'death from accidental causes. We could trace no 
footmarks below, but it is sure that this is the only possible exit. "  "I cannot call any to mind," answered Sir Nigel. Once I am in his room I may 
see some opening. For I would have you give an hour or two a day whilst you are with us in discoursing with my daughter, the Lady Maude; for she is somewhat backward, I fear, and hath no love for letters, save for these poor fond romances, which do but fill her empty head with dreams of enchanted maidens and of errant cavaliers. From a grove upon our left I could already see the high chimneys and the flag-staff which marked the squire's dwelling. I trust very 
much to your judgment and discretion, and I know that you will advise me for the best. I argued that you would not take such precautions unless you had some danger to fear. "  "There will be no need for that," Challenger answered. V. --341. I can make no 
sense of that. 'It is just as you say. "I should wish to. I heard that, and I came down. Here comes his squire, however, and we shall hear what 
strange fortune hath brought him over the marches. A council was now held by the whole tribe squatting in a circle, whilst we sat near on a slab of basalt and watched their proceedings. I am the master-shipman of this 
yellow cog, and my name is Goodwin Hawtayne. In all that broad landscape there was no gleam of hope. There is Mortimer's, the tobacconist, the little newspaper shop, the Coburg branch of the City and Suburban Bank, the Vegetarian Restaurant, and McFarlane's carriage-building depot. He stood irresolute, uncertain whether to advance or to take no notice; but, even as he hesitated, the mirror was whipped in, and a tall and stately young lady swept out from behind the oaken screen, with a dancing light of mischief in her eyes. At one side of the 
coronet was a cracked edge, where a corner holding three gems had been torn away. "See, Watson!" said he. 
"I've not done with you yet. Don't you remember the amateur who fought three rounds with you at Alison's rooms on the night of your benefit four years back?"  "Not Mr. The trim Inspector Martin, the old, gray-headed country doctor, myself, and a stolid village policeman made up the rest of that strange company. But meanwhile fret not thyself, my heart's dove, for it is like that there may be no war waged, and we must await the news. "Sire, this is a knight whom it is indeed 
great honor to meet, and I would that your grace would grant me leave to send my squire for my harness, for I would dearly love to run a course with him. Out of the tangled 
scrub on the old overgrown barrow two human faces were looking out at him; the sinking sun glimmered full upon them, showing up every line and feature. "  "You haven't' seen about Baker Street, then?"  "Baker Street?"  "They set fire to our rooms last night. No, sir, no; it is as much as my place 
is worth to let him see me touch your money. "  "Would you? That is easily done. Porter, the housekeeper, told us that she herself fainted upon entering the room and had afterwards opened the window. "  "But consider!" I said, earnestly. "So I joined your infernal lodge, and I 
took my share in your councils. You'll hear me call and in you will rush. E. D. 
Malone, he looks trained to a hair, and as he surveyed the crowd a smile of good-humored contentment pervaded his honest but homely face. He did, as a matter of fact, marry, and had one child, 
this fellow, whose real name is the same as his father's. Put yourself in my place. 
What possible connection could she have with an American assassin which would cause her to shelter him?"  "I freely admit the difficulties," said Holmes. "  "But have you," I asked, "formed any definite conception as to what these perils are?"  "There can be no question as to their nature," he answered. "  "Why did you beat the pavement?"  "My dear doctor, this is a time for observation, not for talk. He is a genius, a philosopher, an abstract thinker. "Well, when he saw that they were 
indeed the proofs, it was then that he yielded to temptation. However innocent he might be, he could not be such an absolute imbecile as not to see that the circumstances were very black against him. "Why should you cling so hard to that wretched life of yours, Sergius?" said she. He is a harmless enough fellow, Parker by name, a garroter by trade, and a remarkable performer upon the jew's-harp. It was not thicker than a clothes-line, but it was of great strength, and though we could not make a bridge of it, we might well find it invaluable if we had any climbing to do. On the edge of a jutting pinnacle, three or four hundred feet above him, there stood a creature somewhat resembling a sheep in appearance, but armed with a pair of gigantic horns. As to the main incident, it was a bewildering surprise to the audience, but not, I need hardly say, to us. Mr. Holmes, any news?" he cried. "'Tis a proper place for a lad of mettle. 
And yet I shuddered at the position in which I found myself, and would have given all I possessed at that moment to have been honorably free of the whole business. "  "Come, come," said Baynes cheerily, "I think better of the law than that. See that chaplet dipped with pearls beside the quinine-bottle. "  "Surely you are mistaken about his trade?"  "No, sir! he has used this hotel for many years, and he is very well known to us. Now, Watson, let us make for Gelder & Co. " The hall door had hardly slammed behind our visitor before Holmes had descended the stair. "  With a clank of arms, the rough archers and seamen took to their knees, with bent heads and crossed hands, listening to the hoarse mutter from the file-leaders. Alleyne bent knee and doffed hat at the sight of the open door; but ere he had finished an ave his comrades were out of sight round the curve of the path, and he had to run to overtake them. The company was completed by a peasant in a rude dress of undyed sheepskin, with the old-fashioned galligaskins about his legs, and a gayly dressed young man with striped cloak jagged at the edges and parti-colored hosen, who looked about him with high disdain upon his face, and held a blue smelling-flask to his nose with one hand, while he brandished a busy spoon with the other. It was ingenious, but not convincing. 
"Well," he cried, expectantly, "what may it run to?  I'm thinking, young man, you have been in the wars. "That's the Union House," said the 
guide, pointing to one saloon which rose almost to the dignity of being a hotel. Now, my dear fellow, we can't 
help matters by making ourselves nervous about them, so let me implore you to go to bed and so be fresh for whatever may await us to-morrow. You must know, with your wide experience of turf matters, Colonel Ross, that it is possible to make a slight nick upon the tendons of a horse's ham, and to do it subcutaneously, so as to leave absolutely no trace. With a boy's curiosity I 
have peeped through the keyhole, but I was never able to see more than such a collection of old trunks and bundles as would be expected in such a room. They took tickets for New Brighton. '  "These are samples of the questions and answers which made up our strange half-spoken, half-written conversation. "  "And what of Irene Adler?" I asked. My brother and I naturally associated this 
peculiar incident with the fear which haunted my father during his life; but it is still a complete mystery to us. To their right stretched the blue Garonne, running swiftly seawards, with boats and barges dotted over its broad bosom. At the Lymington River they splashed through the ford, and lay in the meadows on the further side to eat the bread and salt meat which they carried upon the sumpter horses. That is about the only bit of consolation I have had to-day. When he came to the 
highroad at the other end, I found that the pavement had been cleared, so there was an end to that clue. He told me 
that old Mrs. "  "Not much, Mr. She is an American and came from California with her. One is that after the second glass was filled the bottle was violently agitated, and so the third glass received the beeswing. Birds were calling among the foliage--especially one with a peculiar whooping cry which was new to us--but beyond these sounds there were no signs of life. A gold-embroidered 
belt of knighthood encircled his loins, with his arms, five roses gules on a field argent, cunningly worked upon the clasp. "  We had all risen to our feet, our prisoner breathing hard, with a stalwart constable on each side of him. "  "My name," answered our visitor, "is probably familiar to your ears. But here on a lone roadside, with thick woods and robber-knights, I turn to you, for it is the business to which you have been reared. Who he was or 
what he wanted is more than I can tell. "  "Colour of his eyes?"  "No, I can't say that. "Perhaps one of those Indians who were the associates of Jonathan Small. 'Not I,' I answered. "  "Not a bit, Doctor. "A few days later came the meeting. "There are in it 
twenty-three marks, one noble, three shillings and fourpence, which is a great treasure for one man to carry. "Not another word, Sir!  You should have been at the office for evening duty half an hour ago; only I hadn't the heart to remind you. I think myself that he may have broken his neck with the fall. I'm not the 
man----"  It was at that moment that he rushed me. But you will come on, will you not, 
and see Merripit House?"  A short walk brought us to it, a bleak moorland house, once the farm of some grazier in the old prosperous days, but now put into repair and turned into a modern dwelling. "I have heard that he is a fine swordsman. "  "The more reason that I should strive to mend him," quoth Alleyne. I shut the 
hall door behind me. Now, I knew that it was not you who had brought it down, so there only remained your niece and the maids. On getting into the room I at 
once looked for the means by which the poison had entered the system. I have complete confidence in his discretion, and he had orders, if he were dissatisfied, to proceed no further in the matter. I met Agatha late the last two evenings, and she 
locks the brute up so as to give me a clear run. You may well tell them by their clouded brows, for there hath been some ill-will of late betwixt the prince and them. "Seven, you jack-fool," growled the first 
speaker, and his bow twanged like a harp-string. When I at last drew him down on to the sofa, his mouth and eyelids were all puckered on one side, and I saw that he had a stroke. "We do not need your 
good offices as herald here, Sir John," said he in a low but clear voice; "these valiant knights are very well known to me. "  "This is a perilous man," whispered an English man-at-arms, plucking at Aylward's sleeve. I assure you that our most pan-Germanic Junker is a sucking dove in his feelings towards England as compared with a real bitter Irish-American. "There is one thing occurs to me," said he at last. I think the whole case fits together uncommonly well. "My father hath gone 
down," she cried. "  "So it appears. Now carry out my orders to the letter. I thought that I would just ask you whether you had heard it. "I have the pleasure," said I, "of 
knowing your father. When the offer was first made, I little thought the turn 
which events might take. Two high, narrow towers rose over the trees. "It is a matter of honour with me that I can give no further particulars about the letter, nor put it into your hands; but I assure you that there is nothing else in it which can affect the interests of the lodge. "  As he spoke the gleam of the side-lights of a carriage came round the curve of the avenue. That's the window, Mr. It is filled with rough salt of the quality used for preserving hides and other of the coarser commercial purposes. This concerns the effect of the atmosphere of the room in each case upon those who had first entered it. He sets his kingdom up to the 
best bidder, like some scullion farrier selling a glandered horse. "By my soul! John," cried the 
prince, with his cheek flushed and his eyes shining, "this is a man of good courage and great hardiness. My investigation seemed to be progressing. Her room was at the other end of the 
house, and she could hear nothing of what had passed. The old devil left a note for us to say that he had rather be a free crossing sweeper in New York than a large mine owner under the power of a ring of blackmailers. I saw them from time to time, for I was anxious to know what they were after. There is nothing 
at all new to me in the latter part of your narrative, except that you brought your own rope. Scarce had the last deep "amen" broken from the Company, when, in an instant, there rose the scream of a hundred bugles, with the deep rolling of drums and the clashing of cymbals, all sounding together in one deafening uproar. A 
jacket with hanging sleeves, slashed with velvet at the neck and wrists, showed that he was a man of some consideration, an under-officer, or file-leader of his company. But then, again, your face grew sadder; you shook your head. I should like to think over 
the matter a little now. "  "Well, well," said Holmes gleefully, "you have indeed done some solid work while I have been sitting spinning theories with my friend! It's a lesson in being practical, Mr. Well, I think we may all congratulate each other. "It is not right that Miss Morstan should remain in this stricken house. Jonathan Wild was the hidden 
force of the London criminals, to whom he sold his brains and his organization on a fifteen per cent. "I see 
my sentry at his post," he remarked, "but no sign of a handkerchief. "  Muttering and 
mumbling, he came rolling after me like an angry and rather ill-conditioned mastiff. There is no pass at the further end of the 
valley, and it is a perilous place should an enemy come upon us. 40 instead of the 3. Even the unexpected fall of the Duke of Durham into the orchestra, which occurred at this moment, could not distract the petrified attention of the vast audience. Every two hours the 
officer of the night used to come round to all the posts, to make sure that all was well. But you saw me go, and that was the beginning of my troubles. CHAPTER XXIV. HOW 
SAMKIN AYLWARD WAGERED HIS FEATHER-BED. "  "Try Canadian Pacific Railway," said Holmes. Here is the fruit of my leisured 
ease, the magnum opus of my latter years!"  He picked up the volume from the table and read out the whole title, Practical Handbook of Bee Culture, with Some Observations upon the Segregation of the Queen. "Why, little coz," he 
whispered, "you are very eager to have your neck in a noose. In an instant his strange headgear began to move, and there reared itself from among his hair the squat diamond-shaped head and puffed neck of a loathsome serpent. "John, show these 
gentlemen out!" A pompous butler ushered us severely to the door, and we found ourselves in the street. Ah, Martha, you will be glad to hear that all is well. My second and wisest one is to play my own game and speak as little as possible to anyone. Nearly a hundred thousand pounds' worth of American railway bonds, with a large amount of scrip in mines and other companies, was discovered in the bag. Without, the 
sun shines bright and the birds are singing amid the ivy on the drooping beeches. "  He walked swiftly round from one to the other, pausing only at the large one which looked from the hall onto the stable lane. Our boat lay, rising and falling, upon the long, smooth rollers, and Evans and I, who were the most educated of the party, were sitting in the sheets working out our position and planning what coast we should make for. It was not the father, however, who first discovered that the child had developed into the woman. "Do you see anything there?"  I looked at the broad plumed hat, the curling love-locks, the white lace collar, and the straight, severe face which was framed between them. "'What do 
you think of Lucy Ferrier now?' I cried, locking the door, and shaking the key in his face. CHAPTER XXXII. HOW ALLEYNE EDRICSON CAME OUT INTO 
THE WORLD. The others, however, drew closer, leaving the place of honor to the right of the gleeman to the free-handed new-comer. "  "Lord Holdhurst!"  "Well, it is just conceivable that a statesman might find himself in a position where he was not sorry to have such a document accidentally destroyed. It is, however, VERY suggestive. The four of us must always act together. "  "What is amiss then?" asked Alleyne, for the man's words were as gusty as the weather. "My dear fellow," said he, "it was one of the first solutions 
which occurred to me, but I was soon able to corroborate the doctor's tale. " And so the matter was allowed to rest. Whether it's passing, or tackling, or dribbling, there's no one to touch him, and then, he's got the head, and can hold us all together. I could not have thought that there was any single arm upon earth which could have overthrown these four champions. It will ring in my ears as long as 
I live. "I am surprised that Lord St. "Are you Mr. "  "But we have a long way still to go. I'm not going to tell you much more of 
the case, Doctor. For two days the yellow cog ran swiftly before a 
northeasterly wind, and on the dawn of the third the high land of Ushant lay like a mist upon the shimmering sky-line. There was no sign of the presence of anyone in the house, except Mrs. I want to find the whereabouts of 
a steam launch called the Aurora, owner Mordecai Smith, black with two red streaks, funnel black with a white band. "We may come to great profit through the business. But first of all it was necessary to make our 
arrangements with the faithful negro, who appeared presently on the pinnacle with a number of tins of cocoa and biscuits, which he tossed over to us. From within he 
extracted a dumb-bell, which he tossed down to its fellow in the corner. I was the flail of the Lord 
up in those parts, I may tell you, though you won't find it in any Blue-book. I've been on his track for years 
and have never set eyes on him yet. "  "Then, good archer, I am right glad to welcome you to Twynham Castle, and in the steward's room you will find provant for yourself and comrades. "Having conceived the idea he proceeded to carry it out with considerable finesse. Kill us if they can. Well, Watson, I do not think that 
Woolwich can help us further. The child stood beside him, holding on to the skirt of his coat, and said nothing but looked all round her with the wondering questioning gaze of childhood. Lucknow is rather better than a hundred miles to the east, and Cawnpore about as far to the south. "Well, of course 
Miss Morstan too. Holmes stood by the table, with his hands deep in his 
trouser's pockets and his chin upon his breast. "Surely I see the red pile of Chandos at the 
head of yonder squadron!" cried Sir Richard Causton, shading his eyes with his hand. "  "There is no difficulty about that," said I. But I'm not easy in my mind about it. He read the passage aloud. It is an open secret that the credit of this smart capture belongs entirely to the well-known Scotland Yard officials, Messrs. While she is thus engaged, young Willoughby Smith enters the room. A lady whose vision has been so extremely contracted all her life is sure to have the physical characteristics of such vision, which are seen in the forehead, the eyelids, and the shoulders. In his mad fury he would have squeezed the life out of him if McMurdo had not interfered. He leaned back in his seat, lost in gloomy speculation. Very good. Then the Zoological Institute's Hall at eight-thirty to-night. "I will confess to my crime. " He handed over the one 
which he had already described as part of the dead man's possessions. True, if I found 
it it would probably put her forever beyond my reach. "  "You are aware that no two thumb-marks are alike?"  "I have heard something of the kind. "  "Good heavens!" I cried. "  "I grudge Altamont nothing. But I filled him up about constitutions and books of rules and forms of membership. I have known such things to happen. 
The police seemed to take particular interest in him that morning, and Captain Marvin--he who had claimed the old acquaintance with him at Chicago--actually addressed him as he waited at the station. Leaving all his private concerns, like the good citizen that he was, he followed you closely in the fog and kept at your heels until you reached this very house. Suddenly, however, his eyes lit 
upon the fierce faces which glared out at him from the brushwood. "I am on the trail of my life now, Mr. "For two days after my arrival at the Copper Beeches 
my life was very quiet; on the third, Mrs. "The foul fiend may lurk beneath a garment of 
light. By the way, Mr. "What is there?" he would cry, pointing to the north. 
Then I broke my blue ribbon and began to drink again, but I think I should not have done it if Mary had been the same as ever. There was no sign of it, however, and so it became evident that it had turned down one of several side roads which I had observed. But there goes the bell, and as I 
stand to win a little on this next race, I shall defer a lengthy explanation until a more fitting time. My business took me into town at certain seasons, but in summer I had less to do, and then in our country home my wife and I were just as happy as could be wished. A single day seemed 
to have changed him from the highest product of modern civilization to the most desperate savage in South America. But it is for you that I am frightened, dear. "She is Frankland's daughter. You surely know my knock 
by this time. You carve too?"  The youth's pale face flushed with the pride of the skilled workman. A 
four-wheeler was at the door at eleven, and in it we drove to a spot at the other side of Hammersmith Bridge. Why could he not order it direct?"  I could only suggest that he probably wanted it at once. Then when he left so 
suddenly for Europe I made sure that it was so. Straker as to the dress without her 
knowing it, and having satisfied myself that it had never reached her, I made a note of the milliner's address, and felt that by calling there with Straker's photograph I could easily dispose of the mythical Derbyshire. It was not 
without some emotion that he looked upon the scene around him, for, in spite of his secluded life, he knew enough of the ancient greatness of his own family to be aware that the time had been when they had held undisputed and paramount sway over all that tract of country. By 
observing which of them were pecked by the birds we avoided all danger of poison and added a delicious variety to our food reserve. "  "The busts," cried Lestrade. "But where is Ford, Alleyne?"  "He is foully murdered, my fair lord. That and a tooth-brush are, I think, all that we need. "  A slow and heavy step, which had been heard upon the stairs and in the passage, paused immediately outside the door. However, it's a two to 
one chance that we get something to pay us for our trouble. "  I could have struck the man across the face, so hot was I at this callous and off-hand reference to so delicate a matter. "  "Here are three more," said John. "How clear and how tender--simple, and yet so full of thought!"  "If there was a weakness it was in the chin," said Alleyne. She is down the 
river somewhere. A little further up the road Dawson himself was lying on his face, quite dead, with an empty revolver in his hand and four Sepoys lying across each other in front of him. He had changed from the horse upon which he had ridden, and bestrode the black charger which his squire had led beside him. "See him!" yelled Peter. "Look to him! 
You shall be my witness. " He rose and laid a written paper upon a side-table. "  He picked out from his bundle a copy of the local Herefordshire paper, and having turned down the sheet he pointed out the paragraph in which the unfortunate young man had given his own statement of what had occurred. It had been a great day for the Scowrers. ' 
Here, Watson, we are all equally anxious to hear it, so kindly read it aloud to us. You must yourself 
have remarked how worn, wrinkled, and stained they were. We are saved, comrades! By 
these ten finger-bones, we are saved! It is the marching song of the White Company. Ere he was at the first 
floor, however, he threw up his arms and stopped. They all agreed that only two voices were to be heard, those 
of Barclay and of his wife. Pray sit down, and let me have your letter. But you hear, my lords of Gascony, that 
these gentlemen had no thought to throw a slur upon your honor or your valor, so let all anger fade from your mind. "I give you my word that for three days I have tasted 
neither food nor drink until you were good enough to pour me out that glass of water. There was 
the news of a revolution, of a possible war, and of an impending change of government; but these did not come within the horizon of my companion. But you! Look there, rat, on yonder field where the cows graze, and on that other beyond, and on the orchard hard by the church. "The string was of the quality which is used by 
sail-makers aboard ship, and at once a whiff of the sea was perceptible in our investigation. "Good heavens!" I cried in amazement. He spoke on a quick succession of subjects,--on miracle-plays, on medieval pottery, on Stradivarius violins, on the Buddhism of Ceylon, and on the war-ships of the future,--handling each as though he had made a special study of it. [23] He rose and stretched his legs, as though to assure himself 
that they were free once more. "  "I'd like to know," said McMurdo, "how you ever came to learn that I had spoken with Morris at all?"  McGinty laughed. "  Sherlock Holmes hailed a four-wheeler which was passing. Old Acton, who is one 
of our county magnates, had his house broken into last Monday. It ran 'Please, 
please, as you are a gentleman, burn this letter, and be at the gate by ten o'clock. He was likely, I thought, to 
fall into error through the over-refinement of his logic,--his preference for a subtle and bizarre explanation when a plainer and more commonplace one lay ready to his hand. Yes, I think that we may safely deduce a cab. "  Sherlock Holmes shrugged his shoulders. Malone. "   "How's that?" I asked, triumphantly. There was movement among the bushes at the far end of the clearing which I had just traversed. It is not 
true. "See the tower of the old gray church, and the long stretch of the nunnery. A married woman grabs at her baby; an unmarried one reaches for her jewel-box. The only drawback is that we have conclusively proved by ocular demonstration that there are no water channels down the rocks. "  "He would contend with these five knights, each to choose such weapons as suit him best. "  "Can I see her first?"  "No, she is not conscious. "But what do you allow that we should do about it?"  "Why not go right down now and fix him?" someone suggested. The sun was yet 
low in the heaven, and the red cows stood in the long shadow of the elms, chewing the cud and gazing with great vacant eyes at two horsemen who were spurring it down the long white road which dipped and curved away back to where the towers and pinnacles beneath the flat-topped hill marked the old town of Winchester. He had changed from the horse upon which he had ridden, and bestrode the black charger which his squire had led beside him. Twice I have with my own ears heard the 
sound which resembled the distant baying of a hound. "  Von Bork had mastered his anger. He was a middle-sized man, of most massive 
and robust build, with an arching chest and extraordinary breadth of shoulder. No dates--but messages arrange themselves. This must be the first:  "Hoped to hear sooner. To get at this, I endeavored first of all to solve the reason of the original burglary at Mr. I may look into the matter before then. You have the true descreeptive touch. "  "Kindly look her up in my index, Doctor," murmured Holmes without opening his eyes. Then, as I approached the door, she seized my sleeve and 
pulled me back with convulsive strength. " He walked to the French window and threw it open. And may I ask with what arguments the great and famous Professor Summerlee proceeded to demolish the humble individual who had ventured to express an opinion upon a matter of scientific possibility?  Perhaps before he exterminates that unfortunate nonentity he will condescend to give some reasons for the adverse views which he has formed. In each case it is only 
about three inches. We have a seven-mile drive before us. I was returning along the well-remembered route, and had reached a spot within a mile or so of the marsh of the pterodactyls, when I saw an extraordinary object approaching me. "  "Send him hither. You got the young lady into your service, and there Woodley 
was to do the courting. Two lines of footmarks were clearly marked along the farther end of the path, both leading away from me. "My God, what brutes!  Don't raise your voice, for they have long ears--sharp eyes, too, but no power of scent, so far as I could judge, so I don't think they can sniff us out. He might have 
been the very spirit of that terrible place. It was a delicate point, and it 
widened the field of my inquiry. I have put in two hours' hard work and covered at least five miles, with something to show for it. I understand that you give me 
carte blanche to act for you, provided only that I get back the gems, and that you place no limit on the sum I may draw. I have a vague remembrance of his gaunt limbs, his earnest face, and the rise and fall of his bow. 
"Surely there is some discolouration here," said he. "This here is the son of 
Elder Drebber, and I'm Joseph Stangerson, who travelled with you in the desert when the Lord stretched out His hand and gathered you into the true fold. We can't afford to set the police buzzing, to-day of all days. It had been too far from me for that. Come over here now!" He seized me by the coat-sleeve in his eagerness, and drew me over to the table at which he had been working. We lashed his ankles with cord, and rose breathless from the struggle. Governess and 
children hardly go out at all, except into the garden. Mister Von Bork, you have a great deal to answer for. "Well, I guess you gentlemen are only doing your clear duty after all, and I have no right to stand in the way of it. His face was almost covered by 
the clothes and he appeared to be asleep. In its cold light I saw beyond the trees a broken fringe of rocks, and the long, low curve of the melancholy moor. They are twin thieves who live upon our labor. The 
funeral pyre of Brighton is still blazing, and there is a very distant patch of scarlet in the western sky, which may mean trouble at Arundel or Chichester, possibly even at Portsmouth. But if you do but claim to have it, and yet have it not, then it 
seems to me, master clerk, that you may yourself find the gate barred when you shall ask admittance. But if it does go through and comes out at the 
corresponding point on the other side, we should not have more than a hundred feet to descend. And all because she will not find a beggarly sum which she could get by turning her diamonds into paste. McGinty, who had been watching him narrowly, raised his thick black eyebrows. "Come, Watson! And you, Lestrade, could you favour us with your company for an hour or two?  We will begin our investigation by a visit to Aldgate Station. Having 
sounded his call, he thrust the bugle into his belt, and, pushing his way betwixt the groups of English and of Gascon knights, he reined up within a spear's length of the royal party. On my remarking that I was constantly in the habit of doing the same thing you expressed incredulity. Toby proved to be an ugly, long-haired, lop-eared creature, half 
spaniel and half lurcher, brown-and-white in color, with a very clumsy waddling gait. They had seen no signs of any pursuers, and Jefferson Hope began to think that they were fairly out of the reach of the terrible organization whose enmity they had incurred. In an instant Holmes clapped a pistol to his head, and Martin slipped the handcuffs over his wrists. This man, however, was leaning against the railings which bordered our field and was looking earnestly up. At night-time 
they chose the base of a beetling crag, where the rocks offered some protection from the chill wind, and there huddled together for warmth, they enjoyed a few hours' sleep. His servant, as 
tall as himself, but gaunt and raw-boned, had swung the bales on the back of one mule, while the merchant mounted upon the other and rode to join the party. "I leave it with you. You can take it from me that this young lady is mine, and you'll find it a very fine evening for a walk. Yours in freedom,  "J. If you come home with me, all will be well. Would you mind stepping in for 
a moment?"  The door of the study opened straight on to the terrace. "Don't get arresting 
me for the murder," he said. His complexion was as swarthy as that of an Italian, and his eyes were of a strange dead black, which, combined with a slight squint, gave them a particularly sinister appearance. Ape-men--that's what they are--Missin' Links, and I wish they had stayed missin'. How small we feel 
with our petty ambitions and strivings in the presence of the great elemental forces of nature!  Are you well up in your Jean Paul?"  "Fairly so. "  "Let us presume, for argument's sake, that the document was taken by the maid or by the valet----"  "They are both old and tried servants. He was fond of me--no man could be 
fonder of a friend. "  "It was easier to know it than to explain why I knew it. He started home 
again, but the agent went with him. Miss Morstan, could we secure her rights, would 
change from a needy governess to the richest heiress in England. It's a fine evening, and 
there's some open ground beyond the next block. Nothing could be more natural than the sequence of events as narrated by this lady, and nothing stranger than the result when viewed, for instance, by Mr. Holmes stopped him 
at the head of the stair. "  "How was she dressed?"  "Quiet, sir--a long mantle down to her feet. When it does we may soon leave 
our difficulties behind us. Is that not enough?"  Yes, Mrs. "I think, Miss Hunter, that we had better go in without you. He wished to be called at nine. 
But why were you doing this?"  "Because it seemed to me to have an indirect bearing upon the mystery of Woodman's Lee. How could I settle the point forever? Obviously the first thing to do was to see the Grimpen postmaster and find whether the test telegram had really been placed in Barrymore's own hands. But the fight had taken a new and a strange turn upon 
the other side. It is a fool's plan to teach a man to be a cur in peace, and think that he will be a lion in war. "This way! This way! 
They are in the bowling-alley," cried the stranger, darting through the bushes. "You are hungry," I remarked. I shall 
have news of some sort or other before I get back. His shaven face was as brown as a hazel-nut, tanned and dried by the weather, with harsh, well-marked features, which were not improved by a long white scar which stretched from the corner of his left nostril to the angle of the jaw. The 
goose we retained until this morning, when there were signs that, in spite of the slight frost, it would be well that it should be eaten without unnecessary delay. But is not that my Lord Delewar who 
waves to us? Ha! my fair lord, God and Our Lady be with you! And there is Sir Robert Cheney. "What did you go 
into the pool for?" he asked. This chanced to come to Simon's ears when we were at Bordeaux together, and he would have it that we should ride to Cardillac with a good hempen cord, and give this Gourval such a scourging as he merited. If you have anything to say, you will find me writing my report in the sitting-room. Two lines of footmarks were clearly marked along the farther end of the path, both leading away from me. "  With many mumbled blessings and protestations of gratitude the old crone packed it away in her pocket, and shuffled off down the stairs. "That you, 
Watson?" he cried. "My geese!" The man seemed surprised. I came in by train this morning, and on inquiring at Paddington as to where I might find a doctor, a worthy fellow very kindly escorted me here. So omnipotent and unchallenged had they been that the very thought that there was possible retribution in the background had been banished from their minds. He was a young but trusted 
member of the detective force, who had distinguished himself in several cases which had been intrusted to him. "  "I know. James, you delivered that telegram to Mr. I shall write to Mr. She is 
living at present at The Myrtles, Beckenham. Author of 

'Some Freaks of Atavism' (Lancet 1882). "  "You seem to be a walking calendar of crime," said Stamford with a laugh. "  "I have heard so much. "  "Yes, I was always quick of speech. "I have just been there, and I have taken it out, and I have got it in this Gladstone bag. An area, as large perhaps as Sussex, has been lifted up en bloc with all its living contents, and cut off by perpendicular precipices of a hardness which defies erosion from all the rest of the continent. I have not had time to examine this room yet, but with your permission I shall do so now. On the other hand, if we had fired through the hedge and wounded him he would soon have been on the top of us--to say nothin' of giving ourselves away. He looks frowning and black-like, but she has a kind o' surprise upon her face. "What do you 
mean?" he asked at last. "On the face of it, it would appear to be a case of a very exceptional nature. We had said nothing 
to him about it, so that his alluding to it had a most suspicious aspect. Who, then, is most likely to have 
taken his life?  Surely the person against whom the criminal enterprise was directed. I could have done it in twenty-four hours. "'My dear young lady! my dear young lady!'--you cannot think how caressing and soothing his manner was--'and what has frightened you, my dear young lady?'  "But his voice was just a little too coaxing. "Where will their grand 
advertisement be now?"  "I don't see that they had very much to do with his capture," I answered. It's for men to do them, and for women to reserve their love as a reward for such men. One of the gold corners, 
with three of the beryls in it, was missing. He was within three yards of us, this 
sinister figure, and I had braced myself to meet his spring, before I realized that he had no idea of our presence. He was left with good prospects, but he threw away his chances, lived for some time in poverty with occasional short intervals of prosperity, and finally, taking to drink, he died. These have both been with him since his arrival, and they seem to be women of excellent character. A litter 
of empty tins showed that the place had been occupied for some time, and I saw, as my eyes became accustomed to the checkered light, a pannikin and a half-full bottle of spirits standing in the corner. Hitherto I had been 
acting, and action had numbed thought. "  "Tell me, John," cried Alleyne faintly: "where is my dear lord, Sir Nigel Loring?"  "He is dead, I fear. It gave me a kind of savage joy when I thought how Sarah would feel when she had such signs as these of what her meddling had brought about. "What can I do that is good? Here I must bide, and talk and sew and spin, and spin and sew and talk. "I'll stake my good name as a shikarree," said he, "that the track 
is a fresh one. "  "Quite in the back row, eh? But her brother was well up to the front. His 
precious valise was wedged in beside him. Rucastle, showing me a slit between 
two planks. This was certainly where the man lived. As to poor Lestrade's discovery it was 
simply a blind intended to put the police upon a wrong track, by suggesting Socialism and secret societies. It was only upon my representing to him that I had given a promise that "The Adventure of the Second Stain" should be published when the times were ripe, and pointing out to him that it is only appropriate that this long series of episodes should culminate in the most important international case which he has ever been called upon to handle, that I at last succeeded in obtaining his consent that a carefully guarded account of the incident should at last be laid before the public. He certainly died from a revolver wound as reported. He has died 
within ten seconds of being bitten. Holmes, especially Thursday and Friday 
evening, which is just before pay-day; so it would suit me very well to earn a little in the mornings. The whole great audience seethed and simmered like a boiling pot. "Oh, come, it may prove to be something of interest, after all. 
Protruding my head, I sank my teeth into the calf of her leg. It's a capitalist outrage, and you'll hear more of it, I reckon. 
Protruding my head, I sank my teeth into the calf of her leg. And this was the singular case of the Grecian Interpreter, the explanation of which is still involved in some mystery. That cold, clear, 
unimpassioned statement from one who knew every detail of their lives, their organization, and their crimes was unshaken by all the wiles of their defenders. That one dint in the short, 
green grass was the only material witness left of this inexplicable nocturnal flight. But now all my 
professional instincts were aroused. It may surprise you to know that the man upon earth who is best versed in this disease is not a medical man, but a planter. I had seen little of Holmes lately. "  "Well, you can take it from me you've no show when they are on your trail. He will have your life. And we, my poor Watson, want overcoats and 
cravats and goloshes, and every aid that man ever invented to fight the weather. "Have 
you played golf?" asked Lord John. "It may do no harm," said he. "I was not 
sure whether I had left it here or in the Shipping Office. Then the whole thing 
came to me in an instant, and I only needed certain corroborative proofs, which I speedily obtained. "Ha! Our party is 
complete," said Holmes, buttoning up his pea-jacket and taking his heavy hunting crop from the rack. Mr. Merryweather 
is the chairman of directors, and he will explain to you that there are reasons why the more daring criminals of London should take a considerable interest in this cellar at present. "This is the 'Mouton d'Or,'" said Aylward, as they pulled up their horses at a whitewashed straggling hostel. Then I will go back to him with 
some faked papers. It was to be at St. "  It seemed hopeless to pursue the inquiry any farther, but it was clear that in spite of Holmes's ruse we had no proof that Barrymore had not been in London all the time. Its disappearance, however, was but momentary. He 
had himself, in reply to a question, confirmed Stamford's opinion upon that point. "By Saint Paul! they are in two minds, and a bold rush may turn them. "  "Well, bethink you that it is but three days ere you will all be gone, and Castle Twynham be as dull as the Priory. "Now let me hear of it. There are 
points of distinction about it. When I did so, my screams brought the maid to my assistance. I tried here and tried there, but there were lots of other chaps on the same lay as myself, and it was a perfect frost for a long time. On the whole I incline to the latter view, since the matter was evidently important, and it is unlikely that the composer of such a letter would be careless. In one of 
these wings the windows were broken and blocked with wooden boards, while the roof was partly caved in, a picture of ruin. Yet from last night's experience I can come to no 
other conclusion. "But if you mean to hint that it could reflect in any way upon this lady's honour"--his eyes blazed for an instant, and then with an evident effort he got a grip upon his own emotions--"well, you are on the wrong track, that's all. So strange and so brief was the episode, that the watchers might have found it hard to believe it themselves or persuade other people of it, had it not been for the undeniable fact that the circlet of gold which marked her as having been a bride had disappeared. "  "And the ruffled wing," added Hordle John. "The Indians know. They have their 
own way. Cunningham," said he. "  There was silence in the room. By my troth! master Ford, your friend here is in need of a cup of wine, for he hath drunk deeply of Garonne water. There was a broad pathway with many tracks upon it at the spot which I had found, so that it was clearly one of the drinking-places of the animals. As a matter of fact, burglars who have 
done a good stroke of business are, as a rule, only too glad to enjoy the proceeds in peace and quiet without embarking on another perilous undertaking. "There will call upon you 
to-night, at a quarter to eight o'clock," it said, "a gentleman who desires to consult you upon a matter of the very deepest moment. "  "How did he come?"  "In answer to an advertisement. Yet my voice, as I know well, should speed you 
on to glory and renown, not hold you back when fame is to be won. I am a faithful 
member--you all know that--and it is my fear lest evil come to the lodge which makes me speak in anxious words. Alleyne, 
however, as active as a young deer-hound, sprang to her aid and seized her by the other arm, raising his iron-shod staff as he did so. "  "We'll have the fellow round here making a row and breaking the furniture. "I am off, Lucy," he said, taking her two hands in his, and gazing tenderly down into her face; "I won't ask you to come with me now, but will you be ready to come when I am here again?"  "And when will that be?" she asked, blushing and laughing. That is your end of the story. It was close upon nine when he set out. I was 
holding a candle to the window. Mr. Hilton Cubitt, please continue your most interesting statement. "  "There was nothing in the office but a couple of wooden chairs and a deal table, behind which sat a small man with a head that was even redder than mine. You heard me warn this man at Birlstone Manor House that the coming danger was greater than the past. Think of the woman he loved, and how other women 
must have envied her!  That's what I should like to be,--envied for my man. Never have I 
had such a shock!  In an instant, with a tiger-spring, the dying man had intercepted me. When we were able to stagger to our feet we saw far off in the deep blue sky one dark spot where the lump of basalt was speeding upon its way. I must congratulate you on coming into the possession, though in rather a tragic manner of a relic which is of great intrinsic value, but of even greater importance as an historical curiosity. Well, after the murder I calculated that Beppo would probably hurry rather than delay his movements. It never went better in its life. I fear your servant who gave them to him may get into trouble with the police. I walked round it and examined it closely from every point of view, but without noting anything else of interest. The drawers were open, the cupboard locked. "A more perfect compound of the bully, coward, and sneak than Master Silas Brown I have seldom met with," remarked Holmes as we trudged along together. "I feared that I was abandoned here forever," said she, "for I am an invalid and cannot stir. "  I took the paper from him and read the short notice, which was headed "Mysterious Business at Upper Norwood. There were folk, too, to be met upon 
the road--beggars and couriers, chapmen and tinkers--cheery fellows for the most part, with a rough jest and homely greeting for each other and for Alleyne. "The facts appear to admit 
of only one explanation. "'Do you desire your name to be kept upon the books?' she 
asked. He thought I should brood over it if I knew all, and so he was silent. I should not be very 
much surprised if this were he whose step I hear now upon the stair. "Suddenly, without any preliminary 
sound in the midst of the utter stillness, the door of my room swung slowly open. No wind, and not a 
cloud in the sky. Now, gentleman of the jury, you have heard the evidence. It may bear some more innocent interpretation. "  "By St. Holmes--absolutely fatal. Still, there are other gangs of three besides the Randalls, or it may be some new gang of which the police have never heard. "This mention of a woman may turn their minds from their pious meditations to worldly and evil thoughts. "  "A boon, gracious sir, a boon!" cried the condemned man. '  "As he spoke he opened a door and showed the way into a room which appeared to be very richly furnished, but again the only light was afforded by a single lamp half-turned down. C. is as he was made and couldn't 
help himself. "It is settled, then. "Exactly. Well, I naturally sent a resume of the information to Berlin. But I must speak or I shall be too late. "I have said, gentlemen, that 
I am this man's wife. Sherlock Holmes and Jones sat with their hands upon their 
knees, deeply interested in the story, but with the same disgust written upon their faces. For two hours I watched him as he covered sheet after sheet of paper with figures and letters, so completely absorbed in his task that he had evidently forgotten my presence. When I cried out that it was a false alarm, she replaced it, glanced at the rocket, rushed from the room, and I have not seen her since. Is it a coincidence that it is found at the very point where the train pitches and sways as it comes round on the points?  Is not that the place where an object upon the roof might be expected to fall off?  The points would affect no object inside the train. At last I fairly lost my temper. "  The thought had hardly passed through my mind when the man whom we were watching caught sight of the number on our door, and ran rapidly across the roadway. "See, the other moves also! Now, you rascal, do you deny that it is a signal? Come, speak up! Who is your confederate out yonder, and what is this conspiracy that is going on?"  The man's face became openly defiant. He seems to be riding for a fall. He had 
prospered well, and Barker had first met him in California, where they had become partners in a successful mining claim at a place called Benito Canyon. That is why I have come to you. I shall write to Mr. "  "And another thousand to the man who will name the person or persons who keep him in custody?"  "Exactly. "  "It is such men as he," retorted Micheldene, "who are like rats in a wheat-rick or moths in a woolfels, a harm and a hindrance to all peaceful and honest men. Of his own people he hath brought together, as I 
learn, some fifty thousand, with twelve thousand of the French free companies, who are, as you know very valiant and expert men-at-arms. The younger man sat 
over yonder; he knocked his ash off against the chest of drawers. After a hearty meal and a 
dip in the trough to wash the dust from them, they strolled forth into the bailey, where the bowman peered about through the darkness at wall and at keep, with the carping eyes of one who has seen something of sieges, and is not likely to be satisfied. "'I don't know, sir. Bit 'er on the leg. Let me 
describe exactly the scene as we saw it upon that misty March morning. And yet it may 
seem a small matter in itself. "All ready, Samkin?"  "Ready, camarade. "  "Close to your hand then. No, sir, no; it is as much as my place is worth to 
let him see me touch your money. Meanwhile, I can see that the Indians are still in their 
place, and I am sure that the faithful Zambo will be here presently to get my letter. "  "Good gracious!"  "So you'd say, sir, if you could see some of the goings on. The light flashed upon the barrel of a revolver, but Holmes' hunting crop came down on the man's wrist, and the pistol clinked upon the stone floor. It's dinner time and over. "  So the archer gossiped as the three wayfarers threaded their way among the stamping horses, the busy grooms, and the knots of pages and squires who disputed over the merits of their masters' horses and deer-hounds. The 
victory of the Indians and the annihilation of the ape-men, marked the turning point of our fortunes. The farmers about here don't like it, sir, and that's a fact. Gregson pushed it 
open. . 
