. . Very unpleasant, no doubt, but I rather fancy it will affect more important people than you. 
Beneath its shade there sat a stout and elderly lady in a pink cote-hardie, leaning back among a pile of cushions, and plucking out her eyebrows with a small pair of silver tweezers. No light, nor movement, nor any sign of human aid could be seen, but far away the hoarse clangor of a heavy bell rose and fell upon the wintry air. It won't be long now before he is here to help us. One struck, and two, and we had almost for the second time given it up in despair when in an instant we both sat bolt upright in our chairs with all our weary senses keenly on the alert once more. It may possibly recur to your memory that when I examined the paper upon which the printed words were fastened I made a close inspection for the water-mark. He lay upon his back, his face upturned, with 
his white teeth grinning through his short, black beard. He heard no shot; but it was hardly possible 
he would, as the pantry and kitchens were at the very back of the house and there were several closed doors and a long passage between. He took the more chivalrous view, however, and preserved her secret. But now the thing was officially confirmed. At the range of a couple 
of hundred yards we emptied our magazines, firing bullet after bullet into the beasts, but with no more effect than if we were pelting them with pellets of paper. A yell 
of execration and a scream of hideous laughter burst from the vast throng, as they saw the faces of the last survivors of their enemies peering down at them from the height of the keep. Mahomet Singh 
was left to guard the door. We took him to a place which the Sikhs had already prepared. "  "How long have you been here, Doctor?"  "Since four o'clock. Close behind us is the moline cross of the gallant William Molyneux, and beside it the bloody chevrons of the Norfork Woodhouses, with the amulets of the Musgraves of Westmoreland. Alleyne was 
still gazing after them, listening to the loud "Hyke-a-Bayard! Hyke-a-Pomers! Hyke-a-Lebryt!" with which they called upon their favorite hounds, when a group of horsemen crashed out through the underwood at the very spot where the serf and he were standing. "Seven, you jack-fool," growled the first 
speaker, and his bow twanged like a harp-string. The black man sprang high up into the air, and shot out both his arms and his legs, coming down all a-sprawl among the heather. It was at eleven forty-five that the first alarm reached the 
small local police station, in charge of Sergeant Wilson of the Sussex Constabulary. On 
referring to my notebook for the year 1895, I find that it was upon Saturday, the 23rd of April, that we first heard of Miss Violet Smith. Our 
road was persistently upwards, and as we ascended the woods became thinner and lost their tropical luxuriance. The need for oxygen could not have been so urgent that he must 
desert the usual means of supply and encroach upon the time of those who are really busier than himself. Mortimer's spaniel. "  "And, now, gentlemen," said the baronet with decision, "it seems to me that I have spoken quite enough about the little that I know. "I should not 
have the impertinence to do it again after what you say. He is the master of the King's horse, and can 
sing a right jovial stave, though in that he cannot come nigh to Sir John Chandos, who is first at the board or in the saddle. "  "Very right too. "I pray that I may have more strength. If these be broken, then all men know that it is time to buy arrow-heads. But since we see that he has broken the elastic and has not troubled to replace it, it is obvious that he has less foresight now than formerly, which is a distinct proof of a weakening nature. "  "I doubt not, with the help of St. The walk in the centre is about eight feet 
across. I knew that Moriarty was not the only man who had sworn my death. "  McMurdo continued to gaze at her in open admiration until her eyes dropped in confusion before this masterful visitor. "How many have you in your 
train?" asked the prince, assuming a graver mien. Her eyes remained fixed intently upon the wall, and there was a long pause ere she answered him. What's that little thing of Chopin's she plays so magnificently: Tra-la-la-lira-lira-lay. Douglas's dumb-bells," said Ames. Did 
you observe that in life?"  "Yes, sir, he cut himself in shaving yesterday morning. For a moment it had turned me to a cynic. "  "Just as you like, Mr. "It would have been an easier task a week ago," said 
he. "  "And the warning--it must have come from her!"  "Exactly. Otherwise they could not have imagined that I had returned to my rooms. They have evidently taken the precaution of watching you, however, and that is what has brought Moriarty to Victoria. She fought her way 
out again. Mrs. Lexington is her name--a little, dark, silent person, with suspicious and sidelong eyes. She could tell us something if she would--I am convinced of it. She had, when she recovered, 
thrown open the window to let the morning air in, and had run down to the lane, whence she sent a farm-lad for the doctor. That was a good deal earlier--half an hour at least before the ringing of the bell. Mr. Douglas 
seldom went to London or left the village; but on the day before the crime he had been shopping at Tunbridge Wells. What was he to do 
next? He left his bicycle and approached the house in the twilight. "  "Give him a cigar," said Holmes. In truth, it was partly for your own sake 
that I did it, and it was my appreciation of the danger which you ran which led me to come down and examine the matter for myself. I therefore went into the house with the intention of clearing up this point. "  "Very naturally. "  "Have you anything positive to tell him?"  "I think so. Sherlock Holmes was, as I expected, lounging about his sitting-room in his dressing-gown, reading the agony column of The Times and smoking his before-breakfast pipe, which was composed of all the plugs and dottles left from his smokes of the day before, all carefully dried and collected on the corner of the mantelpiece. I had just time to get up to town by the night train to see him this morning, and to bring you both back with me to Birmingham. I was up betimes in the morning, but Holmes was 
afoot earlier still, for I saw him as I dressed, coming up the drive. "  "Canst carve too?"  "I have carved two days a week for the brethren. John Horner, 26, plumber, was brought up upon the charge of having upon the 22nd inst. It was not merely 
that Holmes changed his costume. When we parted she was a free woman, but I could never again be a free man. The idea of using her as a decoy was clearly already in his mind, though he may not have been certain how the details of his plot were to be arranged. It burned like tinder, and by the time she reached the spot, nothing could be seen but flames. All day amid that incessant and mysterious menace our two Professors watched every bird upon the wing, and every shrub upon the bank, with many a sharp wordy contention, when the snarl of Summerlee came quick upon the deep growl of Challenger, but with no more sense of danger and no more reference to drum-beating Indians than if they were seated together in the smoking-room of the Royal Society's Club in St. I thought of the convict out upon the bleak, cold, shelterless moor. There was not a bird to be seen there. I am tenderhearted by nature, and have found 
my eyes moist many a time over the scream of a wounded hare. He would show me how to turn the stone into 
money. If she made a mistake she has paid for it, if ever a woman did. "  "Nay, my fair lord," Aylward answered with a grin, "it is violence which is offered to a man. "  "In that case, you can give us no further information. "  "Five attempts have been made. "His name is Vincent Spaulding, and he's not 
such a youth, either. His bed had been slept in. It is a name to which I am prepared always to lift my hat. Sometimes he spent his day at the chemical laboratory, sometimes in the dissecting-rooms, and occasionally in long walks, which appeared to take him into the lowest portions of the City. At 
others he will with his own hands tear down some other man's gate and declare that a path has existed there from time immemorial, defying the owner to prosecute him for trespass. "You are knocking yourself up, old man," I remarked. You take advice, Massa Malone, and come down quick, else he get you as well. Now, Miss Violet, 
what has happened to you, near Farnham, on the borders of Surrey?"  The young lady, with great clearness and composure, made the following curious statement:  "My father is dead, Mr. "Holy father," said he, "he would come upon those parts of France which are held by the King's Majesty. But if he trended to the south he might reach Spain and the Barbary States. "  A moment later the tall and portly form of Mycroft Holmes was ushered into the room. In the pocket is a card-case. "Easy, Councillor! For heaven's 
sake, go easy!" he cried, as he dragged him back. McGinty released his hold, and Baldwin, cowed and shaken gasping for breath, and shivering in every limb, as one who has looked over the very edge of death, sat up on the barrel over which he had been hurled. "LAW AND 
ORDER!"  That's how he heads it. "REIGN OF TERROR IN THE COAL AND IRON DISTRICT  "Twelve years have now elapsed since the first assassinations which proved the existence of a criminal organization in our midst. From that day these outrages have never ceased, until now they have reached a pitch which makes us the opprobrium of the civilized world. More than once, 
however, they came on families by the wayside, who were too weak from hunger and disease to fly, so that they could but sit like hares on a tussock, with panting chests and terror in their eyes. So gaunt were these poor folk, so worn and spent--with bent and knotted frames, and sullen, hopeless, mutinous faces--that it made the young Englishman heart-sick to look upon them. That should mean T. "So much for the servants. That will give you 
some idea of the size of the creature. Therefore Simpson becomes eliminated from the case, and our attention centers upon Straker and his wife, the only two people who could have chosen curried mutton for supper that night. But Miss Morrison had been with her during the whole of that hour and a half. "  "I cannot understand, Barrymore, how you came to conceal this important information. He knows that I am his superior, and acknowledges it to me; but he would cut his tongue out before he would own it to any third person. The 
passes are, then, closed to us?"  "Nay, sire----"  "They are open, then?"  "Nay, sire, if you would but----"  "Enough, enough, Don Martin," cried the prince. Our feet creaked and crackled 
over the bare planking, and my outstretched hand touched a wall from which the paper was hanging in ribbons. It was a very large chamber, lined with innumerable volumes, which had overflowed from the shelves and lay in piles in the corners, or were stacked all round at the base of the cases. A few moor farmers have small holdings, where they rear sheep and cattle. The 
material for a feast was ever at hand in days when, if there was grim want in the cottage, there was at least rude plenty in the castle. The baronet stood for a minute looking after them, and then he walked slowly back the way that he had come, his head hanging, the very picture of dejection. Mortimer's spaniel. "  "And, now, gentlemen," said the baronet with decision, "it seems to me that I have spoken quite enough about the little that I know. "Ah! is that 
so?" The young man seemed interested. "Have you heard nothing of doings 
hereabouts?"  "Nothing out of the way. "  "Ma foi!" said Sir Nigel, looking with a mixture of horror and admiration at Du Guesclin. "And I," "and I," cried a dozen voices. Hast been ill bred and as ill taught. "  "I have in good sooth," Alleyne answered, and then as they journeyed on their way he told them the many things that had befallen him, his meeting with the villein, his sight of the king, his coming upon his brother, with all the tale of the black welcome and of the fair damsel. "True 
as steel, every man of them. And yet, by the Lord! there is that skunk Morris. Thank 
you. Now I must kick off my boots and stockings. Then I have to bustle about and see things with my own eyes. Simon. "The young lady came to London, then, and 
you renewed your acquaintance?"  "Yes, her father brought her over for this last London season. "The house seems deserted. "It is of importance that it should not rain before we are able to go over the ground. It is now nine o'clock. Au revoir, then. "  "Au revoir," said our visitor, and, with a bright, kindly glance from one to the other of us, she replaced her pearl-box in her bosom and hurried away. Get into this hollow, Lestrade. "  Sure enough, at the hour named, the car came purring and crackling from the yard with Lord John at the wheel. "  "Well, it's possible. Mortimer has his practice to attend to, and his house is 
miles away from yours. Mr. Rucastle seemed to be a very kind, good-natured man. "  "That is well. Not a word came to us either from Wiggins or from the other agencies. "  "Ah! there I am not in a position to help you. "  "My dear fellow, what does it matter to me. "Now sir!" he shouted, hoarse with excitement. You have yourself supplied the rest. 
Baynes flushed with pleasure. "Why, sir, you've got me the very evidence I 
want," said the inspector warmly, shaking my friend by the hand. When half the folk in the country were dead it was then that the other half could pick and choose who they would work for, and for what wage. " They glared at each other in mutual defiance, while all round rose the distant whisper, "We will kill you--we will kill you if we can. Occasionally 
in our rambles we came across Inspector Baynes. Clearly they reflected the thoughts which possessed him, but whether the music aided those thoughts, or whether the playing was simply the result of a whim or fancy was more than I could determine. That was to some extent in favour of 
the accused, as when seen quarrelling he was face to face with his father. There's no vice in him. "I guess that's about the size of it. Barker; but it would come with a better grace from you. "  "Oh, you think so, do you? Well, all I can say is that if there's any secret here it is not my secret, and I am not the man to give it away. He had 
a solid grip of fact and a cool, clear, common-sense brain, which should take him some way in his profession. I got past it and got one in with my stick that crushed his head like an egg. E. CHALLENGER. | 

+---------------------------------------+   "No, it's not what you might call 'earty," said Austin, shaking his head and glancing up at the deplorable placard. "It wouldn't look well in a Christmas card. He was still sitting with his elbows upon his knees, 
considering how he should broach the matter to his daughter when a soft hand was laid upon his, and looking up, he saw her standing beside him. Ten paces from the fringe of trees he glanced around, and waving his hand he crouched down, and was lost to sight among a belt of furze-bushes. How like you that?"  "Good, by my faith, good! But here comes my harness, and I must to work, for I cannot slip into it as I was wont when first I set my face to the wars. I swore to my wife that I would kill her if I found her in his company again, and I led her back with me, sobbing and trembling, and as white as a piece of paper. "  "The same here. "There are the wheels, Watson. "  "There's the village," said the driver, pointing to a cluster of roofs some distance to the left; "but if you want to get to the house, you'll find it shorter to get over this stile, and so by the foot-path over the fields. At nine o'clock Lestrade called for us with the carriage, and we set off for Hatherley Farm and the Boscombe Pool. I could, however, see that his face was deadly pale and filled with horror and loathing. The first had walked both 
ways, but the other had run swiftly, and as his tread was marked in places over the depression of the boot, it was obvious that he had passed after the other. In these cases, save for one rather intricate matter which has been referred to me from Marseilles, there is nothing which presents any features of interest. Alleyne rode across to John, while Sir Hugh Calverley followed close behind him. "Tete Dieu!" he growled, 
"were this France, or even Guienne, we should have a fresh haunch for our none-meat. Law or no law, I have a mind to loose a bolt at her. "  "I would break your stave across my knee first," cried John, laying his great hand upon the bow. "Is this a joke, Mr. "  "You will not see him. Two vague shadows in the offing showed where the 
galeasses rolled and tossed upon the great Atlantic rollers. We ran forward into the open to 
meet our friends, and pressed a loaded rifle into the hands of each. Milverton for some time, and, between ourselves, 
he was a bit of a villain. The sound was repeated, and then there came a gentle tap at the door. "Ride by my side, friends, I entreat of you," said the knight, reining in his steed that they might come abreast of him. "For, since it hath pleased you to follow me to the wars, it were well that you should know how you may best serve me. I doubt not, Terlake, that you will show yourself a worthy son of a valiant father; and you, Ford, of yours; and you, Edricson, that you are mindful of the old-time house from which all men know that you are sprung. "  "I shall bring him, then," said I. "No, no, everything is now in order. He has 
gone to his room, sir. Then he pictured the solidification, the cooling, the wrinkling which formed the mountains, the steam which turned to water, the slow preparation of the stage upon which was to be played the inexplicable drama of life. At last the cab drew up at the third house in 
a new terrace. Mortimer Tregennis, an independent gentleman, who increased the clergyman's scanty resources by taking rooms in his large, straggling house. The butler brought 
me my coffee into the library, and I took the chance to ask him a few questions. "You're safer there, Councillor," said 
the man whom they had known as McMurdo. I acknowledged that I was. To you, and to you only, belongs the credit of the remarkable arrest which you have effected. 

"Yours faithfully, 

"GEORGE EDWARD CHALLENGER. "Well sung, by my hilt!" shouted the archer in high 
delight. "Many a night have I heard that song, both in the old war-time and after in the days of the White Company, when Black Simon of Norwich would lead the stave, and four hundred of the best bowmen that ever drew string would come roaring in upon the chorus. "  "It fell a hundred and thirty paces beyond the fifth mark," shouted an archer in the distance. "I meant no harm, sir, I'm sure. "It is a mercy that 
you are on the side of the force, and not against it, Mr. In my own case, I was beaten about the head by their wings, so we have had a remarkable exhibition of their various methods of offence. A flask of red wine stood at his elbow, and he seemed to be very much at his ease, for his feet were stuck up on a stool, and between his thighs he held a dish full of nuts. It was disgraceful that he should speak thus of the leader who had been the source of all our fame and given us such an experience as no men have ever enjoyed. It is remarkable only for the fact that amid a perfect jungle of possibilities we, with our worthy collaborator, the inspector, have kept our close hold on the essentials and so been guided along the crooked and winding path. Lestrade and Mycroft 
met us by appointment at the outside of Gloucester Road Station. "My God!" he whispered. "Stand back!  Stand right back!" said he 
with the sharp imperiousness which I had associated only with moments of crisis. "A nice trap!" cried the 
high, snarling voice. Then with a deprecating smile:  "After all, it is natural that the whole world should hasten to know what I think of such an episode. "Great heavens!" cried the inspector, "it is, indeed, the 
missing man. Yet, as there are many of us, and as the service may not be to the liking of all, I pray that those will step forward from the ranks who have the will to follow me. There, too, is the mill of Le Souris. Do not think that it was a delusion, Holmes. 
I'll join you at lunch if I am able. "  "May I come in?" boomed a voice from the veranda. Light from a planet is the 
reflected light of the sun. But the spectra both from planets and stars have, in this instance, all undergone the same change. The wench must be willing, or the man must be standing up against me, else, by these ten finger bones! either were safe enough for me. This bureau 
consists of a double column of drawers, with a central small cupboard between them. "  "Dirty linen," he rumbled. "  Holmes asked no further question, and Barker, with a deliberate look from one to the other of us, which had, as it seemed to me, something of defiance in it, turned and left the room. "There is no need to urge me, 
friends, for my own wishes would draw me to France, and it would be a joy to me if I could go with you. "Where there 
is no money there is no pay. "He is in camp, near Montpezat, two hours' march from here, 
my fair lord," said Johnston, the grizzled bowman who commanded the archers. There is 
no opening except the one pane," said our learned guide. I shall always remember as we looked back how far behind we could see the heads and necks of our horrible pursuers rising and falling amid the reeds. The haze was like a curtain all round us, and there were we three in the middle of it. The maid had loved the butler, but had afterwards had cause to hate him. Finally Stapleton turned upon his heel 
and beckoned in a peremptory way to his sister, who, after an irresolute glance at Sir Henry, walked off by the side of her brother. "It won't do, Watson!" said he 
with a laugh. "  "You shall share our knowledge before you leave this room, Sir Henry. "  "I assure you, Watson, without affectation, that the status of my client is a matter of less moment to me than the interest of his case. "  "I believe he is in his bed. Very strange, Watson, eh?"  "Yes, it is strange. Then the Zoological Institute's Hall at eight-thirty to-night. When we had at last reached the camp, we looked back and found ourselves alone. I argued that the man was probably in London, 
and that he would desire to leave the country for a time. Slowly it rose from our souls like the mists from a landscape until peace and reason had returned, and we were sitting upon the grass, wiping our clammy foreheads, and looking with apprehension at each other to mark the last traces of that terrific experience which we had undergone. "Upon my word, Watson!" said Holmes at last 
with an unsteady voice, "I owe you both my thanks and an apology. "It would be like you if you used up our last gasp of oxygen in abusing each other. You may pick it out. "  "There can be no doubt about the matter. "He! he! You are a funny one," 
chuckled the inspector. "Now, if you will have the great goodness to open that 
door very quietly, we will soon make him cut a much more respectable figure. They were of a pearly grey colour, small, round, and almost transparent against the light. "About a quarter of a mile 
from the stables John Straker's overcoat was flapping from a furze-bush. "I wonder, since you are both maiden ladies, that you do not keep house together. Her daughter was in 
the room, too--an uncommonly fine girl she is, too; she was looking red about the eyes and her lips trembled as I spoke to her. "Oh, Mr. "I'll have to look 
a bit closer into this, Mister--"  "McMurdo. He must take us as he finds us. "He is coming," he said. We have 
some oxygen here, but it can only defer our fate for a few hours. "Oh, Mr. Lestrade had learned by more 
experiences than he would care to acknowledge that that brain could cut through that which was impenetrable to him. I saw him look curiously at my companion. At the same 
instant the bookcase at which Holmes pointed swung round upon a hinge, and a woman rushed out into the room. I may add that Miss Burnet's age and character make it certain that my first idea that there might be a love interest in our story is out of the question. Down at 
the bottom of the cliff, and within call of me, was waiting the faithful Zambo. All around 
him Alleyne could hear the stern, short orders of the master-bowmen, while the air was filled with the keen twanging of the strings and the swish and patter of the shafts. He inclosed a copy of it, which is here reproduced:   GRAPHIC   Holmes bent over this grotesque frieze for some minutes, and then suddenly sprang to his feet with an exclamation of surprise and dismay. Thence 
he could see the drawbridge go up, and he knew that his only escape was through the moat. He waited until quarter-past eleven, when Mr. He was a remarkable-looking man, tall, handsome, with a square black beard and pale, distinguished features. Again it was blank. "Yes, I did bang out of the 
house," she said, "for it made me angry to see the easy way in which Mr. Then I thought there 
was some chance of water in this direction, so I heaved you over my shoulder and we tramped it together. Finally he unravelled a bundle of clothing, comprising 
a complete set of underclothes, socks, a gray tweed suit, and a short yellow overcoat. Holmes 
picked one out, but it was as hard to read by the flickering fire, and he drew out his little dark lantern, for it was too dangerous, with Milverton in the next room, to switch on the electric light. "  Holmes replaced the bill in his notebook. Now where did you get them from?"  To my surprise the question provoked a burst of anger from the salesman. Her eyes shone with the joy of living, and her face still quivered with amusement at some remark of her companion. The prayer finished, they resumed their seat in the shadow of the boulder until the child fell asleep, nestling upon the broad breast of her protector. "   We made our way to Brussels that night and spent two days there, moving on upon the third day as far as Strasburg. "And you, Norbury," he continued, beckoning to the squire of Sir Oliver, "do you also come here. There too is the banner of Castile amid yonder sparkling squadron which heads the main battle. Then there were 
ninety-seven very fine emeralds, and one hundred and seventy rubies, some of which, however, were small. "Halloa! Stop there!" he shouted, holding his bicycle to block our 
road. He lay upon his back, his knees drawn up, a terrible cut upon his head. When his body had been carried from the cellar we found ourselves still confronted with a problem which was almost as formidable as that with which we had started. Soon, however, it seemed to him that the white men's day was come, for through all the land he could hear of nothing but of their death and their overthrow. The supply of adult women was running short, and polygamy without a female population on which to draw was a barren doctrine indeed. "I cannot explain 
it, Mr. Dead London is gettin' on my nerves. That can't be all, Watson? ATTENTA gives no sense. You have heard me speak of Professor Moriarty?"  "The famous scientific criminal, as famous among crooks as--"  "My blushes, Watson!" Holmes murmured in a deprecating voice. "  "Come, then, my heart's comfort," he answered. You must escort her home. I 
tell you that I will never stand in the dock. I've done my work now, and I don't care how soon I go, but I should like to leave some account of the business behind me. And yet I can't get out of doing business with him--indeed, he is here at my invitation. There had 
been a man in the room, and he had crossed the lawn coming from the road. "They were rich and I was poor, so that it was 
no easy matter for me to follow them. "That is back through the house into Saxe-Coburg Square. She was forced into marrying that same Drebber, and broke her heart over it. "'I promised my friend that I would say nothing of the matter, and a promise is a promise,' said she; 'but if I can really help her when so serious a charge is laid against her, and when her own mouth, poor darling, is closed by illness, then I think I am absolved from my promise. I should not stay here. I sprang out of bed and flung open the shutters. At Castelnau also there is a cobbler who is in my 
pay, and who will throw us a rope any dark night from his house by the town wall. The poor 
fellow has enough to fight against without my putting more upon his track. "  "Ah!"  "Yes, sir. God forbid that I should throw a doubt on anyone here; but if so much as a word of gossip got to the ears of this man, there would be an end of any chance of our getting him. I had to choose between you, and in my weakness 
I turned away from my own little girl. I made friends with someone who could help 
me,--I name no names, for I don't want to get any one else in a hole,--and I soon found that he still had the jewels. "  "Oh, you mean the little problem of the Grosvenor Square furniture van. "  The freckles started out on the lady's face. "Can I not bend myself then to 
take this sorry sum which is offered me for that which has cost me the labors of a life. "  "But I can. The champion looked wildly about for some corner of safety, and was clambering up towards the window, when Ford's voice sounded from without, calling upon Alleyne to hasten, or he might scarce find his way. She was there in an instant, and I caught a glimpse of it as she half-drew it out. "Something has happened!" she cried. 
"Oh, Jack, you are in danger!"  "Sure, it is not very bad, my sweetheart. "  "Why," said my wife, pulling up her veil, "it is Kate Whitney. "  "And speaking low?"  "My uncle's voice is always remarkably low. Thank you, I need no help in 
arranging the clothes. When we have finished at the police-station I think that something nutritious at Simpson's would not be out of place. Scanlan and 
McMurdo made their way back; Scanlan somewhat subdued, for it was the first murder job that he had seen with his own eyes, and it appeared less funny than he had been led to believe. "In trouble?" he asked 
in a whisper. "  "To some extent," he answered, thoughtfully. "I suppose that you have no 
objection to my collaborating with you, Mr. "  "You should have no difficulty in getting him. )  "Did I hear someone say that 
I was a liar? Will the person who called me a liar kindly stand up that I may know him?"  (A voice, "Here he is, sir!" and an inoffensive little person in spectacles, struggling violently, was held up among a group of students. I have safely conducted these three gentlemen to the spot mentioned, and I have, as you have heard, convinced them of the accuracy of my previous account. "  Challenger shrugged his shoulders. "'Well, I don't know now whether it was 
pure devilry on the part of this woman, or whether she thought that she could turn me against my wife by encouraging her to misbehave. I had a heavy oak stick in my hand, and I tell you I saw red from the first; but as I ran I got cunning, too, and hung back a little to see them without being seen. I knew then that I could do my employer no good, but would only throw my own life away if I meddled in the matter. '  "'If I promise to keep a secret,' said I, 'you may absolutely depend upon my doing so. The chamber was certainly large, and the way in which my feet sank into the carpet as I stepped across it told me of its richness. I told Holmes how the matter stood, my heart bubbling over with thankfulness and joy. You will let me know when Randall is arrested, and any further developments which may occur. Stewart, of Lauder, in 
1887. Not? Well, I am sure Moran was at the bottom of it, but nothing could be proved. So cleverly was the colonel concealed that, even when the Moriarty gang was broken up, we could not incriminate him. I succeeded; but at 
what a cost!  "I had just taken the paper; and was locking the cupboard, when the young man seized me. "  "Of course--you said so when you took it on. "The lodge will owe you a debt for this. Nearly all of them were totally ruined--an irreparable loss. On examining the premises the body of the unfortunate watchman was found doubled up and thrust into the largest of the safes, where it would not have been discovered until Monday morning had it not been for the prompt action of Sergeant Tuson. It was with his barmaid wife that he had spent the last three days in Bristol, and his father did not know where he was. My companion was in the 
best of spirits, and prattled away about Cremona fiddles, and the difference between a Stradivarius and an Amati. Knowing what I did, was it not certain that Colonel Moran had done it? He had played cards with the lad, he had followed him home from the club, he had shot him through the open window. The wet, sandy path took it 
admirably. She looked again, but there was no sound or movement. 'D'--that should be a guide. "  "The man was a Spaniard. If she can come to Winchester to meet us she can get 
away. "  I was on the point of asking him what that work might be, but something in his manner showed me that the question would be an unwelcome one. "  "When did you first meet Miss Hatty Doran?"  "In San Francisco, a year ago. I begin to suspect that this matter may turn 
out to be much deeper and more subtle than I at first supposed. But there are still four cartridges in the revolver. "Good heavens!" I cried in 
amazement. "How you scared me! Whatever made you come in like that. Holmes, sir?" he asked. She said that she feared that I 
might come to harm. "Come right in, sir," she said. "You don't expect such 
energy from me, do you, Sherlock? But somehow this case attracts me. I am conscious of it myself. He has been a disappointment to me, Mr. About eleven I was glad to go to bed. They were scrawled with chalk. Let me assure them that this little bundle of letters would give more joy than all the candelabra and butter-dishes in London. Lal Chowdar shook his head and smiled. "I heard it all, Sahib," said he. In your picturesque account of the matter, which I read with great interest some months later, you assert that the wall was sheer. "Whatever have you been doing with 
yourself, Watson?" he asked in undisguised wonder, as we rattled through the crowded London streets. "  "Look here!" said McMurdo sternly. And if we take this as a working hypothesis we have a fresh basis from which to start our construction of this unknown visitor. There are several singular points about the case. It is one of these cases--but, hullo, here is Lestrade! Good-afternoon, Lestrade! You will find an extra tumbler upon the sideboard, and there are cigars in the box. When he arrives he will be met by the obtuse but resolute 
Lestrade, and I have no doubt that we shall have all our details filled in. Ames ran to the 
front she went with him. She saw Mr. "  "How was she dressed?"  "Quiet, sir--a long mantle down to her feet. "Don't get arresting me for the 
murder," he said. "Well, well!  I have had one too, and, as you see, very much 
against the grain, I have acted upon it. "  "God bless you for promising to come," cried our client. "  "No, we can do nothing. "  "I am very glad if I have helped you. I think that we may gain that by means of the law; but we have our web to weave, while theirs is already woven. He was dressed like a gentleman, in Norfolk jacket and knickerbockers, with a cloth cap upon his head. A few yards off he stopped under a lamp-post and laughed in the hearty, noiseless fashion which was peculiar to him. Next to him sat two other men of about the same age, one with a trimming of fur to his coat, which gave him a dignity which was evidently dearer to him than his comfort, for he still drew it round him in spite of the hot glare of the faggots. "Gentlemen," he cried, "let me introduce you to the 
famous black pearl of the Borgias. "  Lestrade and I sat silent for a moment, and then, with a spontaneous impulse, we both broke at clapping, as at the well-wrought crisis of a play. "  "What was your idea, then?"  "It seemed to me to be obvious that this Greek girl had been carried off by the young Englishman named Harold Latimer. The one at his elbow is Fernando de Castro, who is as brave and true a man as heart could wish. What strength or courage could avail against an enemy armed with such mysterious powers? The hand which fastened that pin might have struck him to the heart, and he could never have known who had slain him. I do not 
trouble you with my theories, for you asked me to furnish you only with facts. and Mrs. Rucastle were both downstairs, and the child was with them, so that I had an admirable opportunity. I got his leave to come into town this morning, though he little knew for what purpose. One day, however, 
when the autumn was far advanced and the vacation drawing to a close, I received a telegram from my friend imploring me to return to Donnithorpe, and saying that he was in great need of my advice and assistance. The servants had left the kitchen. "Look at this," said Baynes. "This is really rather an awkward 
fix for me. Come along, and I will personally conduct you. "  Following his lead, we ascended five stories, until we found ourselves outside a half-opened door, at which our client tapped. "Have you no kinsfolk, 
then?"  "None, save my brother. He told me that a gipsy had done it for him when he was a lad. I shall see him in my dreams. I knelt beside him for some minutes, and then made my way to Mr. This was a tall young man, 
surprisingly handsome, with a dark, fierce face, and the limbs and chest of a Hercules. You see, it is not fastened down, only just laid there. You persecute the prophets!  Galileo!  Darwin, and I----" (Prolonged cheering and complete interruption. "I have never loved, Watson, but if I did 
and if the woman I loved had met such an end, I might act even as our lawless lion-hunter has done. "I 
trust that I am not intruding. "  He took from his pocket the various slips of the dancing men. "  "I did exactly what he indicated, and waited until the other clerks had departed. "Oh, sir," he cried, "can you tell me where it went to?"  "It came here. Holmes! Spare me!" she pleaded, in a frenzy of supplication. "Eh? What of it, then? Has it returned to life and flapped off through the kitchen window?" Holmes twisted himself round upon the sofa to get a fairer view of the man's excited face. "See here, sir! See 
what my wife found in its crop!" He held out his hand and displayed upon the centre of the palm a brilliantly scintillating blue stone, rather smaller than a bean in size, but of such purity and radiance that it twinkled like an electric point in the dark hollow of his hand. "See to the noble armor set forth, and the costly taffeta--and oh, Ford, see to where the scrivener sits with the pigments and the ink-horns, and the rolls of sheepskin as white as the Beaulieu napery! Saw man ever the like before?"  "Nay, man, there are finer stalls in Cheapside," answered Ford, whose father had taken him to London on occasion of one of the Smithfield joustings. "We were hardly quick enough with our pistols. "My friend here wants to take diggings, 
and as you were complaining that you could get no one to go halves with you, I thought that I had better bring you together. That would account for the angry return, 
and also for the girl's denial that anything had occurred. For a day or two we 
were busily employed in unpacking and laying out our property to the best advantage. McMurdo bore the inspection 
cheerfully, one hand in his coat pocket, the other twisting his brown moustache. Beside it was a bare flagstaff, and 
underneath it a man, his hat drawn down and the collar of his overcoat turned up. When he turned his face McMurdo saw that it was Brother Morris, he who had incurred the anger of the Bodymaster the night before. Holmes, I loved with such a love as comes only once in a lifetime. And you also, Dr. Well, well, the point is a minor one, and when you have Randall you will probably find no difficulty in securing his accomplice. "  "He pointed up to the caves when he gave it to me," said I. Hayes, no harm 
meant," said Holmes. "Well, Mr. No, I won't smoke, I thank you. "  I handed him my pouch, and he seated himself opposite to me and smoked for some time in silence. "  "Have you any reason to suspect robbery?"  "No, sir. I give you my solemn word upon that. There was not a line, however:  
so I came away, bitter and savage as a man could be. Beyond that the hills become precipitous. Crouching down among the bushes, we observed them at our leisure. 
There were, as I say, five of them, two being adults and three young ones. Then came a picture of a cheerful and corpulent ecclesiastic in a shovel hat, sitting opposite a very thin European, and the inscription:  "Lunch with Fra Cristofero at Rosario. There is a sharp turning of the road, and I pedalled very quickly round this, and then I stopped and waited. When I 
thought of the heavy rains and looked at the gaping roof I understood how strong and immutable must be the purpose which had kept him in that inhospitable abode. Von Bork detached a small key from his watch 
chain, and after some considerable manipulation of the lock he swung open the heavy door. As to 
you, Watson, you are joining us with your old service, as I understand, so London won't be out of your way. Sholto's person, but a valuable collection of Indian gems which the deceased gentleman had inherited from his father has been carried off. It seemed to me that I could manage the thing easily through Tonga. He is not rich, but he is honored and hath great friends. "One last word, Brother McMurdo," said McGinty. Your 
servant seems to have quite recovered. There's no other place; but I hear that 
it is clean and good. "  "And who is the blackmailer?"  "Well, it must be the creature who lives in the only comfortable room in the place, and has her photograph above his fireplace. I am a plumber with 
a rising business, Escott, by name. But you, Holmes--you have changed very little--save for that 
horrible goatee. There was something subtly wrong with the face, some coarseness of expression, some hardness, perhaps, of eye, some looseness of lip which marred its perfect beauty. We are assembled now and ready. 
Jealousy, of course, at once suggests itself as the motive for the crime. And why should these proofs of the deed be sent to Miss Sarah Cushing?  Probably because during her residence in Liverpool she had some hand in bringing about the events which led to the tragedy. Doran's house that morning. She was quiet when she saw that there was no good in making a row. "I must finish," she said. "  "This really grows outrageous, Mr. "  "To three," Aylward answered moodily, "to three. In the blue vault of the 
heaven there had appeared three little specks which increased in size every moment, so rapidly did they approach. Rucastle, walking up and down on the other side of the room, began to tell me a series of the funniest stories that I have ever listened to. 'Is he not a beauty?'  "I looked through and was conscious of two glowing eyes, and of a vague figure huddled up in the darkness. "'Don't be frightened,' said my 
employer, laughing at the start which I had given. Pycroft,' said my new acquaintance, seeing the length of my face. 'Rome was not built in a day, and we have lots of money at our backs, though we don't cut much dash yet in offices. Pray sit down, and let me have your letter. I can spare you five minutes if you 
have anything to say. The culprit is--"  "Mr. Clearly an army doctor, then. It was at this point that I asked Gregson whether he had enquired in his telegram to Cleveland as to any particular point in Mr. This particular specimen I 
obtained under very extraordinary circumstances in the Ubangi country. Then he said he would split. We have had some skirmishes, but we had never set eyes upon each other before. "  It was nearly four o'clock when we at last, after passing through the beautiful Stroud Valley, and over the broad gleaming Severn, found ourselves at the pretty little country-town of Ross. Sherlock Holmes. 
"This is Mr. It is strange that in one twelve hours the Abbey should have cast off its foulest weed and should now lose what we are fain to look upon as our choicest blossom. Certainly, in each separate 
district the resurrection was practically simultaneous. But no sign of him or the German could be seen. 
"Just this," said he, "that Mr. The summons was a brief and urgent one. There's 
the cab, Hopkins, and you can remove your man. "  "Mr. "  "But what fresh evidence could you have got?"  "Aha! It is not for nothing that I have turned myself out of bed at the untimely hour of six. From within he produced a crumpled piece of paper, an old-fashioned brass key, a peg of wood with a ball of string attached to it, and three rusty old disks of metal. There were such steps, however. Don Diego, you know the arms of your own land. Who are they who have done us this honor?"  The Spanish prisoner looked with exultant eyes upon the deep and serried ranks of his countrymen. "William received a letter by the afternoon post yesterday. The envelope was destroyed by him. "  "There have," said I, "been numerous petty thefts. "  "I was only Crown Prince then. The theories which I have expressed there, and which appear to you to be so chimerical are really extremely practical--so practical that I depend upon them for my bread and cheese. "  "You seem very anxious to lose your life. "I wonder whether you could get on 
friendly--or at least on talking terms with the fellow," he said, at last. "  "The killing of Mortimer Tregennis," said Holmes. "I have noted your absent 
mind, your kindling eye, your trying and riveting of old harness. "  "We have been hearing Gregson's view of the matter," Holmes observed. "You 
know my methods of work, Mr. "I observe from your forefinger that you make your 
own cigarettes. "  "Maybe we'll see more of you before very long," said one of the patrolmen with a grin. "  "And why in hopes?"  "Because it would spare your Majesty all fear of future annoyance. "My dear Watson, when I have exterminated that fourth egg I shall be ready to put you in touch with the whole situation. "I have seen Forbes, and I have seen your uncle, and I have set one or two trains of inquiry upon foot which may lead to something. "'Tis a proper place for a lad 
of mettle. "  McMurdo rose to his feet for an instant. "Thank you. "But this is 
nothing--nothing! It is my mind and soul that he has tortured and defiled. "  "And you shall see how worthy a pupil I am. They are both quick and energetic, but conventional--shockingly so. Four of the Indians jumped, and the canes went through 'em like knittin' needles through a pat of butter. Colonel Ross met us by appointment outside the station, and we drove in his drag to the course beyond the town. Pink cap. Blue and black jacket. Lord Backwater's Desborough. "Shoot into the thick of them!  Shoot! sonny, shoot!" 
cried my companion. There are strange red depths in the soul of the most commonplace 
man. He has the tidiest and most orderly brain, with the greatest capacity for storing facts, of any man living. Then here are the father's feet as he paced up and down. All were deserted. With tingling 
nerves but a fixed purpose, I sat in the dark recess of the hut and waited with sombre patience for the coming of its tenant. Year passed into year, his black hair turned grizzled, but still he wandered on, a human bloodhound, with his mind wholly set upon the one object upon which he had devoted his life. At last his perseverance was rewarded. "  And yet the next day brought us no nearer to the solution of the mystery. Watson, I fear that you will find it very slow, but I shall only be away a couple of hours. I am the judge. Since then 
she has looked like a woman in a dream, half dazed, and with terror always lurking in her eyes. He spends his days flitting 
through the woods with his shot-gun and his butterfly-net, and his evenings in mounting the many specimens he has acquired. So at last I took my courage in both hands, and I came down to get the papers for myself. "  "But what do you want in the swamp?"  He looked at me with a very questioning eye, and I read hesitation in his face. I suppose that you have been watching the habits, and perhaps the house, of Miss Irene Adler. "  Holmes sat in his big armchair with the weary, heavy-lidded expression which veiled his keen and eager nature, while I sat opposite to him, and we listened in silence to the strange story which our visitor detailed to us. Being a heavy stick the dog has held it tightly by the middle, and the marks of his teeth are very plainly visible. His generous donations 

to local and county charities have been frequently 

chronicled in these columns. He was leaning far back in the red leather chair, his legs outstretched, a long, black cigar projecting at an angle from his mouth. His eyes blazed at you and held you at his mercy. He lay listlessly as I entered the room, but the sight of me brought a gleam of recognition to his eyes. Beppo was his name--his second name I never knew. Serve me right for engaging a man with such a face. But he was a good workman--one of the best. "  "Well, God be with thee, lad!" cried the archer, pressing Alleyne to his heart. "  "Vell, you can lay that she told you truth. I had brought a pack of cards in 
my pocket, and I thought that, as we were a partie carre, you might have your rubber after all. Rucastle to find her eyes fixed upon me with a most searching gaze. As we approached it I heard the 
sharp rattling of a chain, and the sound as of a large animal moving about. "You don't seem to give much thought to the matter in hand," I said at last, interrupting Holmes' musical disquisition. "  "Ah, yes. "  "Every man to his own humor," said Pedro carelessly. I argued that the launch 
must be no great way off, in spite of its invisibility. "  Holmes's quiet day in the country had a singular termination, for he arrived at Baker Street late in the evening, with a cut lip and a discoloured lump upon his forehead, besides a general air of dissipation which would have made his own person the fitting object of a Scotland Yard investigation. The Hound of the Baskervilles    One of Sherlock Holmes's defects--if, indeed, one may call it a defect--was that he was exceedingly loath to communicate his full plans to any other person until the instant of their fulfilment. He was an Indian. 
What weapon would he choose? You would say the most silent in the world. I could only move it slightly, and it was 
with the aid of one of the constables that I succeeded at last in carrying it to one side. "  The Duke's beard had turned more aggressively red than ever against his ghastly white face. It seems that a young lady has arrived in a considerable state of excitement, who insists upon seeing me. It must have been the case, then, that the man in the waiting-room had, for some unknown reason, while I was busy with the other, ascended to the room of my resident patient. Every paper which would incriminate him was destroyed before he left the house. At last, however, his foot came upon a broad resting-place and he ventured to cast a glance downwards. The gravity 
of both their faces foretold some weighty quest. "The type of these people," 
said he in his sonorous fashion, "whether judged by cranial capacity, facial angle, or any other test, cannot be regarded as a low one; on the contrary, we must place it as considerably higher in the scale than many South American tribes which I can mention. Two in two days, and many more, perhaps, for they get in the way of going there in the dry weather and never know the difference until the mire has them in its clutches. He seemed 
to be a middle-aged man, with a short, dark beard. He is either a foreigner or 
has lived long in the tropics, for he is yellow and sapless, but tough as whipcord. The fault from 
what I hear may not have been entirely on one side. There was so strange a turmoil within my own head, and such a jangling of my overstrung nerves, that the indifference of those people was amazing. At least 
that was my first impression. Disguised, and under an assumed name, he returned to Salt Lake City, careless what became of his own life, as long as he obtained what he knew to be justice. There he found evil tidings awaiting him. But no slightest sign of 
them ever met our eyes. "Here is the foresight," said he putting his finger upon the little disc and loop of the hat-securer. This is what began it all. "  "I know, sir, I know; but it shook me, sir, and there's no use to deny it. "Never have I heard music that was so sweet to mine ear. A murrain on the bones! I have not 
thrown a good main since I left Navarre. Round this clearing there was a semi-circle of 
trees with curious huts built of foliage piled one above the other among the branches. A rookery, with every nest a little house, would best convey the idea. Already 
the doors had all been shut and the whistle blown, when--  "My dear Watson," said a voice, "you have not even condescended to say good-morning. Holmes stepped up to the window, closed it, and dropped the blinds. An exposure would profit me indirectly to a considerable extent. "What's the matter, Walters?" asked 
Baynes sharply. It was the most rational remark which I had heard in Enmore Park. The house was just 
such as I had pictured it from Sherlock Holmes' succinct description, but the locality appeared to be less private than I expected. "Oh no, there 
shall be no mistake. It shall be there. Her light grey eyes wandered continually from one to the other, noting every little want and forestalling it if possible. She had small round, hanging gold 
earrings, and a general air of being fairly well-to-do in a vulgar, comfortable, easy-going way. "'I would go,' said she, trying hard, as it seemed to me, to speak calmly; 'I would go. 'Mawson only gives me two hundred, but Mawson is safe. Now, really, I know so little about your company that--'  "'Ah, smart, smart!' he cried, in a kind of ecstasy of delight. Fill up your 
pockets. Now, some food. "  "Or rather, I fancy, of that goose. "I know not, young sir; but I can only say 
that on the eve of Cadsand, and on the eve of Crecy, and on the eve of Nogent, I dreamed of a red cow; and now the dream has come upon me again, so I am now setting a very keen edge to my blade. Come out, and we shall see who is the better man. F. "  "Windle has never refused us when we have had occasion to ask for the loan of a man or two, and it is not for us to refuse him. Holmes. Leslie 
Armstrong. "I'll trouble you to walk out of my house, sir," said he. Just sit 
me up a little, so as I can speak easy. His features were gravely set, but there was a light in his eye which made me think that he had not been disappointed in his conclusions. "I should not be surprised to learn, mon camarade," said the 
soldier, as he heaped a slice of fish upon Alleyne's tranchoir of bread, "that you could read written things, since you are so ready with your brushes and pigments. "You are the first who have ever heard my story. Come," she went on, springing to her feet, and smoothing down her rumpled frock, "let us walk through the shaw together, and we may come upon Bertrand with the horses. If poor Troubadour had not cast a shoe, we should not have had this trouble. I have as companions three remarkable men, men of great brain-power and of unshaken courage. My companion noiselessly closed the shutters, moved the lamp onto the table, and cast his eyes round the room. Sergeant Wilson had all the facts. I checked them and considered them and maybe added a few of my own. '  "'If I promise to keep a secret,' said I, 'you may absolutely depend upon my doing so. Malone, a carrion eater, like all of his kind--porcus ex grege diaboli--a swine from the devil's herd. That's 
it, Malone--what?"  "You are really intolerable!" said I, hotly. You may consider me to be a 
murderer; but I hold that I am just as much an officer of justice as you are. "  "Oh, Jack, it would be the saving of you!"  "I'm an honest man in some things, Ettie. "  "That is certainly very singular. It was just a benefit club and a meeting place for one's fellows. I set the idea aside as one which could 
be disproved or confirmed at our leisure. "  It was Challenger's turn to look surprised. That is how I read the matter. I 
took the slip of bark to the firelight and we examined it together. I must have been unconscious for a few minutes, for when I came to myself, I found that they had torn down the bell-rope, and had secured me tightly to the oaken chair which stands at the head of the dining-table. "They were 
very cunning, though. They were a gang, and a rough one, too. They could talk English pretty well, but I could get little out of them. "  "So ends our quarrel, then," said Aylward, sheathing his sword. CHAPTER II. A 
CONTINUATION OF THE REMINISCENCES OF JOHN WATSON, M. "  "Be good, Jessie. "  "Bethink you again, mon ami," quoth Aylward, "that you might do much good yonder, since there are three hundred men in the Company, and none who has ever a word of grace for them, and yet the Virgin knows that there was never a set of men who were in more need of it. He imprudently puts 
himself into the power of the young man and his older associate. "I say into the cab, but I 
soon became doubtful as to whether it was not a carriage in which I found myself. Sherlock Holmes has gone out," I said to 
Mrs. "By Jove, Peterson!" said he, "this is treasure trove indeed. Paul!" said he, "I am right glad; for I 
had feared that we might have neither provant nor herbergage. "It does not accord with mine honor, nor shall it ever be said that I, a knight of England, was ready to hold parley with men who have slain a fair lady and a holy priest. I was 
not surprised, therefore, on Monday night when a Mr. But I should be extremely obliged to you if you would come down with me to Woking to-morrow, by the same train which we took yesterday. "  "And next day?"  "By my faith! we did not tarry long, but we hied back to Bordeaux, where we came in safety with the King of France and also the feather-bed. Right across the lower part of the bog lay a miry path. We flashed past barges, steamers, merchant-vessels, in and out, behind this one and round the other. You'll be there in any case, so you'll just give us a pretty full report. Now, when I am counting upon joining it 
here, you tell me that it is the same as a murder society called the Scowrers. It could only be 
a small one, or it would have been remarked upon at the coroner's inquiry. "You can see where they rested the 
body. "What do you mean by 'appears'? You know it as a fact. "  "Mon Dieu! if a man could eat himself into knighthood, Humphrey, you had been a banneret at the least," observed another, amid a burst of laughter. "'I did as she asked me, and they talked together for a few minutes. 
"'I confess that I was very much surprised at it,' said I. "'Well, the fact 
is,' he remarked, 'that when I recover from these attacks my mind is always very clouded as to all that has gone before. Let me 
hear all about it, Small. If you have reason to believe that it is inhabited, 
do not force your way in, but send a wire to my friend and me. Douglas and Barker know the truth 
about the murder, and are conspiring to conceal it, then I can give you a whole-souled answer. He 
(Ames) had observed some restlessness and excitement on the part of Mr. Such terrific 
items had never been registered in the world's history before. Since landing from the boat he has obtained some consolation from the beauty and variety of the insect and bird life around him, for he is absolutely whole-hearted in his devotion to science. Yet this I will say, that I would see you a full knight 
ere you go to my daughter with words of love. As to yourself, Mr. "Mr. Holmes is an independent 
investigator," I said. "If your Majesty would condescend to state your case," he remarked, "I should be better able to advise you. "  "We'll have the truth out of him, never fear," said McMurdo. There was a 
yellow and withered stump some way off, seen under the drooping branches of a lofty oak. Do not join in it. 
Hudson?"  "Well, he's that strange, sir. "I went to it on my knees, sir, just as you 
told me. You would not desire it, dear, would you?"  His wife gave a little groan and sank her face against his leg. You walk, sir, 
with your judges. What can you gather yourself as to the individuality of the man who has worn this article?"  I took the tattered object in my hands and turned it over rather ruefully. "  He looked alarmed, and his eyes shunned mine. "Indeed, gentlemen, you had best 
go," said mine host. "It is but six miles to Villefranche, where there are very good quarters at the sign of the 'Lion Rouge. "Perhaps some day you will do me justice. If so, we should be 
able to shadow him and see what it is that he is after. "  "Pooh, pooh! Forgery. She's free to choose for herself. You may be in time to 
save her yet--though it be for the gallows. McGinty; for I warn you I will stand no resistance when I am on duty!"  So determined was the appearance of the captain that both McMurdo and his boss were forced to accept the situation. The latter managed to have a few whispered words with the prisoner before they parted. "  "I cannot, and I will not, believe it!" cried the banker with an ashen face. Lord John, I trust that you will not countenance such madness?"  "Dooced ingenious, I call it," said our peer. The full moon was shining brightly, and the air was crisply cold. Twice we nearly had 
collisions with other equally erratic vehicles, and I remember remarking to Summerlee that the standard of driving in London had very much declined. There has been no result. Both of 
them were fastened on the inside. "  "Ah! Then you got hold of the best of the two. "  "I did not say that I had read all the letter. I think, perhaps, it is almost 
time that I prepare for the new role I have to play. "My nerves are fairly proof, Watson, 
but I must confess to a start when I saw the very man who had been so much in my thoughts standing there on my threshhold. You understand me? I am sure that you are the last man in the world who would wish to be a spoil-sport. Holmes, or be trodden under foot. Close at the 
heels of his messenger came Cecil Barker, our friend of the moated Manor House. Alleyne was still gazing after them, listening to the loud "Hyke-a-Bayard! Hyke-a-Pomers! Hyke-a-Lebryt!" with which they called upon their favorite hounds, when a group of horsemen crashed out through the underwood at the very spot where the serf and he were standing. From above it seemed as though rope and 
cliff were well-nigh touching, but now, when swinging a hundred feet down, the squire found that he could scarce reach the face of the rock with his foot, and that it was as smooth as glass, with no resting-place where a mouse could stand. Clatter 
of hoofs, clinking of weapons, shouts from the drunken brawlers, and high laughter of women, they all rose up, like the mist from a marsh, out of the crowded streets of the dim-lit city. One 
couple out of the moving throng especially engaged the attention of the two young squires, the more so as they were going in their own direction and immediately in front of them. Shocking, Watson, shocking!"  He sat with his mouth full of toast and his eyes sparkling with mischief, watching my intellectual entanglement. The mere sight of his excellent appetite was an assurance of success; for I had very clear recollections of days and nights without a thought of food, when his baffled mind had chafed before some problem while his thin, eager features became more attenuated with the asceticism of complete mental concentration. "The type of these people," said he in his sonorous fashion, 
"whether judged by cranial capacity, facial angle, or any other test, cannot be regarded as a low one; on the contrary, we must place it as considerably higher in the scale than many South American tribes which I can mention. That was this morning. They may be darned sharp, but they're 
not quite sharp enough to catch a Washoe hunter. She waits until her husband is asleep, and then she rushes down to endeavor to persuade them to leave her in peace. Stapleton himself seems to have been capable of jealousy, and when he saw the baronet paying court to the lady, even though it was part of his own plan, still he could not help interrupting with a passionate outburst which revealed the fiery soul which his self-contained manner so cleverly concealed. "Queer place, the 
moor!" said he. "And yet we manage to make ourselves fairly happy, do we not, Beryl?"  "Quite happy," said she, but there was no ring of conviction in her words. "  The study proved to be a small chamber, lined on three sides with books, and with a writing-table facing an ordinary window, which looked out upon the garden. "Say rather ten acres and a homestead on the banks of Avon. "  "Say you so? Then, by our Lady! here is for yonder one in the red jerkin!"  He was about to push recklessly forward into the open, when Sir Nigel himself darted in front of him, with his hand upon his breast. You would not 
think it, to look at them. You, a doctor--you are enough to drive a patient into an asylum. But send her nothing--not even the chaplet--until I am gone. To each of us men it 
had, for one great epoch in our lives, been a familiar presence. He appears to have a passion for definite and exact knowledge. "  "Neither he did," cried our prisoner,--"not a word. "  "That you are never beaten. "'Tis the master-bowyer's rede: 'Every bow well 
bent. "I had not thought that we were as far as Oleron. "I only wish that you could come with me, Watson, but I fear that it won't do. Then I walked across to the window, hoping that I might catch some glimpse of the country-side, but an oak shutter, heavily barred, was folded across it. "Well, gentlemen, you have the drop on me this time. Come, Watson! 
As to you, sir, I trust that a bright future awaits you in Rhodesia. "  "My good Summerlee, this etheric poison is most certainly influenced by material agents. White Mason gazed at my friend as the little village 
practitioner looks at the Harley Street specialist who by a word can solve the difficulties that perplex him. "  "I am sure we are honoured by your presence and to show you all we know," said White Mason cordially. I have no doubt I can get details from 
Forbes. I have a vague recollection, as one remembers a bad dream, of rushing about through the woods all round the empty camp, calling wildly for my companions. Yet I feel that the clue is the most 
important one that I hold. Here in this tiny creature are the roots of growth 
of the animal world, and by its inherent development, and evolution, it will surely in time remove every trace of this incomparable crisis in which we are now involved. I greeted the lady with reserve. '"  Hordle John drew the back of his hand across his mouth, fixed his eyes upon the corner of the ceiling, and bellowed forth, in a voice which made the torches flicker, the southland ballad for which he had been asked:--  

The franklin he hath gone to roam, 

The franklin's maid she bides at home, 

But she is cold and coy and staid, 

And who may win the franklin's maid?  

There came a knight of high renown 

In bassinet and ciclatoun; 

On bended knee full long he prayed, 

He might not win the franklin's maid. He drew a sovereign from his pocket and threw it down upon the slab, turning away with the air of a man whose disgust is too deep for words. As they approached, the travellers observed that he was advanced in years, and that his eyes were upturned and yellow. I had never known him handle a case in such a half-hearted fashion. "  "How did you know that?"  "Oh, it got about--things do get about for good and for bad in this district. "I had it. This villain had thought that I would be at sea before the news could reach me, and that I should be lost for years in Africa. There 
is neither money nor credit in it, and yet one would wish to tidy it up. They appear, however, to have quickly adapted themselves, and Mrs. The boarding 
house was near the edge of the town, and soon they were at the crossroads which is beyond its boundary. Many of the company had crowded round the flames, for the weather was bitterly cold; but the two knights seated themselves upon a bancal, with their squires standing behind them. By All Saints' day, however ere the last leaves had fluttered to earth in the Wilverley and Holmesley glades, he had filled up his full numbers, and mustered under his banner as stout a following of Hampshire foresters as ever twanged their war-bows. In good sooth, if the war is to be carried out in such a fashion, then it is grief to me that I ever came away from Castle Twynham, for I would not have left my sweet lady had I not thought that there were deeds of arms to be done. "  "Surely it would be strange else, seeing that I have lived in a world so new to me. "  "Yes, you are quite right. At his call they entered the room, and the stranger was lifted and carried out. A volunteer corps of 
clerks and merchants had been formed, and this I joined, wooden leg and all. The Red-headed League III. As in a dream I saw Challenger, like a monstrous beetle, crawling slowly across the floor, and a moment later I heard the gentle hissing of the escaping oxygen. Then I examined the gun. "'It 
would be injustice to hesitate,' said he. "'Oh, any old key will fit that 
bureau. When I was a youngster I have opened it myself with the key of the box-room cupboard. "  "What did he do?"  "He grazed his cattle on these slopes, and he learned to dig for tin when the bronze sword began to supersede the stone axe. "By my hilt! I pray 
that your dream may come true, for the prince hath not set us out here to drink broth or to gather whortle-berries. Paul!" quoth the knight, "but this is a 
passing strange sight, and perchance some very perilous and honorable venture may arise from it. Harrow and alas for the lady and the seneschal! What dogs are they who have done this bloody deed?"  "They are the Jacks, the men of the brushwood. "  "Would they not help you then?"  "Nay, they sat tway and tway at a board, him that they call Aylward and the great red-headed man who snapped the Norman's arm-bone, and the black man from Norwich, and a score of others, rattling their dice in an archer's gauntlet for want of a box. Very fine and rich it was, with beams 
painted and gilt, wheels and spokes carved in strange figures, and over all an arched cover of red and white tapestry. I took the treasure-box and let it down, and then slid down myself, having first left the sign of the four upon the table, to show that the jewels had come back at last to those who had most right to them. Yet she would not take back the words either, nor 
would she grant the veil. As he ran he jerked his hands up and down, waggled his head, and writhed his face into the most extraordinary contortions. I could make good progress, therefore, and I could see without being seen. "  Sherlock Holmes's face showed that he was thoroughly taken aback by this new development. I remember that the white one was worn to a stump. "  "This is clean beyond me, Mr. "  The sandalled feet clattered over the wooden floor, and the iron-bound door creaked upon its hinges. "  "Well, then, I must make some suggestions to you. "I have not the heart to 
interrupt your breakfast any further, and yet I am dying to know how you got it and where it was. "Then I will. At present it is not too much to say that it is of such weight it may have an influence upon European history. The maid stood petrified for a moment, and then, recovering her courage, she ran downstairs. He had caught her meddling, I suspect, and given her a bit of his mind, and that was the start of it. The assembly met in a large room reserved for such purposes at the Union House. There, outlined as black 
as an ebony statue on that shining background, I saw the figure of a man upon the tor. Can you understand what I say?"  Holmes groaned. "  "Can you recall that the tracks were sometimes like that, Watson,"--he arranged a number of bread-crumbs in this fashion--: : : : :--"and sometimes like this"--:. Mortimer was no doubt already stopping there?"  "No, I had been staying with a friend," said the doctor. A long journey may 
enable our friend to recover not only from his shattered nerves but also from his wounded feelings. He was 
dressed from head to foot in a long white linen cloth, and a high white cap with a red cross printed upon it. Beside him on a green bank there sat a small man with a solemn face, and a great bundle of papers of all colors thrusting forth from the scrip which lay beside him. When he turned his face McMurdo saw that it was Brother Morris, he who had incurred the anger of the Bodymaster the night before. He always apologized to me for putting me to 
this inconvenience. Perhaps it would have been better if I had killed him, for 
he must, as you say, have lent a hand. "  A heavy step was heard ascending the stair, with a great wheezing and rattling as from a man who was sorely put to it for breath. HOW THE THREE 
COMRADES JOURNEYED THROUGH THE WOODLANDS. It was evening before the three 
comrades came into Aiguillon. He listened, but, as he heard no more, he set it down as the challenge of the guard upon the walls, and dropped off to sleep once more. To a wider intelligence it 
may well seem of very great possible importance--so great as to involve the ultimate welfare of every man, woman, and child upon this planet. I must tell you, first of all, the interesting circumstances connected with the previous consultations which Mr. The whole place was depressing. That voice!  That monstrous breadth 
of shoulder!  We sprang to our feet with a gasp of astonishment as Challenger, in a round, boyish straw-hat with a colored ribbon--Challenger, with his hands in his jacket-pockets and his canvas shoes daintily pointing as he walked--appeared in the open space before us. I don't feel no malice against you for it. I will 
endeavour, therefore, to condescend to their limitation and to indicate the situation by the use of a homely analogy which will be within the limits of the intelligence of your readers. Yet, for 
all my care, things were not merry in the house, and I thought it well to come away. George, I was 
able to sit my charger in the ruffle of Poictiers, which was no very long time afterwards. Sir Nigel's heart beat high as he looked upon their free bearing and fearless faces. As lord of the marches and guardian of an exposed country-side, there was little rest for him even in times of so-called peace, and his whole life was spent in raids and outfalls upon the Brabanters, late-comers, flayers, free companions, and roving archers who wandered over his province. Putting out my hand in the darkness I came upon something which felt like a huge lump of meat, while my other hand closed upon a large bone. Up above me there was a circle of starlit sky, which showed me that I was lying at the bottom of a deep pit. Here and 
there bounded Sir Nigel, his head erect, his jaunty plume fluttering in the air, while his dark opponent sent in crashing blow upon blow, following fiercely up with cut and with thrust, but never once getting past the practised blade of the skilled swordsman. "  "Thank you. "  "Are you quick of action?"  "I have had that name among those that knew me best. A thick fog rolled down 
between the lines of dun-coloured houses, and the opposing windows loomed like dark, shapeless blurs through the heavy yellow wreaths. Young as he was, and 
peaceful as was his dress, the dainty golden spurs which twinkled upon his heels proclaimed his knighthood, while a long seam upon his brow and a scar upon his temple gave a manly grace to his refined and delicate countenance. Now this could only be done by having a false key--"  "Several false keys. That horrible feeling of constriction was closing in upon me. There was no one but Alec Fairbairn whose step she could have mistaken for mine. I was two years living it down. I remember that there was a woman outside as I 
entered. I killed them quick, but they are killing me slow; and if I have another night of it I shall be either mad or dead before morning. It is clear 
now that some danger is threatening your lodger. But this theory would not work. "  "What can you not understand?"  "Their reasons for their conduct. They are both from the Guion Steamship Company, and refer to the sailing of their boats from Liverpool. She fought her way out again. I do not think that I have ever seen such deadly paleness in a woman's face. Out I ran and through the shrubbery, but thank God there was no one there. Another instant and the great stealthy hands would have been round my throat. Was the wicket-gate closed?"  "Closed and padlocked. We had, it is true, been only a week or so upon the top 
of the plateau, but all our spare clothing was in our camp below, and the one week had been a severe one upon us all, though least to me who had not to endure the handling of the ape-men. It is vital to us to find water, 
but I think even Lord John himself had had adventures enough for one day, and none of us felt inclined to make the first push into the unknown. I had remained indoors all day, for the 
weather had taken a sudden turn to rain, with high autumnal winds, and the Jezail bullet which I had brought back in one of my limbs as a relic of my Afghan campaign throbbed with dull persistence. "  I walked down the narrow passage between the double row of sleepers, holding my breath to keep out the vile, stupefying fumes of the drug, and looking about for the manager. I suppose there is no 
doubt that the mark was there yesterday?"  Lestrade looked at Holmes as if he thought he was going out of his mind. But 
it was destined that I should after all have a last word of greeting from my friend and comrade. Suppose that there were really some huge hound loose upon it; that would go far to explain everything. Watson, come round and lunch with us at two. I'll be able to tell you more clearly then how this thing strikes me. I think, Colonel, that you and Watson might return now, and I will be with you again in an hour at the furthest. "My good sir," said Mr. 
"Your words have dazed me. "Patrick Cairns. "  "Harpooner?"  "Yes, sir. "  "The rest you will leave in our hands. "How's this, Watson?" he cried, picking 
up the paper from the table. "'High red house with white stone facings. ' There 
is the signal station all right. Well, if you won't, I will. I don't see that I 
can be of any use to you, and you appear to have your case very clear. '  "It is difficult to describe the confusion caused by this amendment. )  "PROFESSOR CHALLENGER:  'No doubt, sir, we have to bow to your scientific authority, although I must admit that the name is unfamiliar. When great facts are laid before you, you have not the intuition, the imagination which would help you to understand them. Not that you are entirely wrong in this 
instance. His incredible untidiness, his addiction to music at strange hours, his occasional revolver practice within doors, his weird and often malodorous scientific experiments, and the atmosphere of violence and danger which hung around him made him the very worst tenant in London. "Have you come from Holmes?" he asked. "  "Ha! I had forgotten that there was ill blood betwixt you. "Before they come," 
said Holmes, "just put your hand here on this poor fellow's arm, and here on his leg. But if it was not he, it must have been Alec Cunningham himself, for by the time that the old man had descended several servants were upon the scene. Why should I preserve faith with him who never kept any with me? Why should I try to shield him from the consequences of his own wicked acts? Ask me what you like, and there is nothing which I shall hold back. Lord John had followed me. We saw him peep over them and give a gesture of amazement. It might be a satisfaction to his Majesty to regain it with his own hands. With the brow of a philosopher above and the jaw of a sensualist below, the man must have started with great capacities for good or for evil. But one could not look upon his cruel blue eyes, with their drooping, cynical lids, or upon the fierce, aggressive nose and the threatening, deep-lined brow, without reading Nature's plainest danger-signals. Damp would of course have removed this. You had, then, been sitting with your feet outstretched to the fire, which a man would hardly do even in so wet a June as this if he were in his full health. "  McMurdo's coat had been brought to him; but before putting it on he examined his right arm, which still smarted heavily. Just two months ago. "  "I beg that you will not touch me with your filthy hands," remarked our prisoner as the handcuffs clattered upon his wrists. "Here?"  "Yes; I rather think he is coming to consult me professionally. I think that I recognise the symptoms. Woodley since. He came for a visit of a 
week, and oh! it seemed three months to me. Like most men of action, he is laconic in speech, and sinks readily into his own thoughts, but he is always quick to answer a question or join in a conversation, talking in a queer, jerky, half-humorous fashion. Heavy-game shots liked to be in a position to cap the 
tales of their rivals, and journalists were not averse from sensational coups, even when imagination had to aid fact in the process. Each member of the committee had his own motive for making the most of his results. If the police 
would desire further information I shall be happy to see any of them at the cottage. No, no, we 
must find other ways to fight him. "  "Thank you, that will do," said Holmes. "  "And the knights upon the right, beside Don Pedro?"  "They are cavaliers of Spain who have followed him in his exile. 

Par l'ordre du Senechal de 

Castelnau, et de l'Echevin de 

Cahors, servantes fideles du 

tres vaillant et tres puissant 

Edouard, Prince de Galles et 

d'Aquitaine. ]"  When Dr. Mortimer had finished reading this singular narrative he pushed his spectacles up on his forehead and stared across at Mr. The two of them 
were destined to travel together round the world before Sir Henry had become once more the hale, hearty man that he had been before he became master of that ill-omened estate. With perfect 
coolness Holmes slipped across to the safe, filled his two arms with bundles of letters, and poured them all into the fire. It was a blazing hot day in August. "Thank you," said Holmes, "I 
only wished to ask you how you would go from here to the Strand. "It is the second most interesting object that I have seen in the North. "Ill fares it with the man 
who would venture to deceive him. He hath by rote the name of every knight of France or of England; and all the tree of his family, with his kinships, coat-armor, marriages, augmentations, abatements, and I know not what beside. In the 
meantime we shall treat ourselves to a couple of carpet-bags, encourage the manufactures of the countries through which we travel, and make our way at our leisure into Switzerland, via Luxembourg and Basle. 
"Gladys!" I cried, "Gladys!"  She looked up with amazement in her face. "What is the matter?  You are my 
Gladys, are you not--little Gladys Hungerton?"  "No," said she, "I am Gladys Potts. If we went round the moon it would not 
make a pennyworth of difference to me or to my work. " He rose and seized his astrakhan coat. "What can he hope to find there? Ah! this, I suppose, is he. I am sure you could never 
guess how I employed my morning, or what I ended by doing. "I suppose that Mr. The Hall and the moor are not very pleasant places when one is alone. It was of such a 
size that a single man could just fit through by stooping. Holmes darted up, and I followed him. 
The train has been broken up before now, and the carriages redistributed. A broad leather strap hanging from his shoulder supported a scrip or satchel such as travellers were wont to carry. It was a terrible world thought he, and it was hard to know which were the most to be dreaded, the knaves or the men of the law. Hullo, what is this?"  The double track turned sharp off and took the direction of King's Pyland. Holmes whistled, and we both followed along after it. "It took two, or 
possibly three, handfuls before the lodger came to the window. Our learned friends were just 
stirrin'. Then, again, how about the connection between Carruthers and Woodley, since they appear to be men of such a different type? How came they BOTH to be so keen upon looking up Ralph Smith's relations? One more point. The first was at Harker's. I fancy that I have evidence enough to satisfy a jury, even if you are able to pick a hole in it. "  "But, my dear Mrs. The fuller looked sadly and gravely at him; but finding that he still laughed, he bowed with much mock politeness and stalked onwards in his borrowed clothes. Now, this appears to act as well whether the blood is old or new. Jabez Wilson here has been 
good enough to call upon me this morning, and to begin a narrative which promises to be one of the most singular which I have listened to for some time. ' He bowed me out of the room and I went home with my assistant, hardly knowing what to say or do, I was so pleased at my own good fortune. "'And be laughed at for my pains. "'Ah, there you lay 
your finger upon the one point which we shall probably never be able to clear up. Why do you look at me like that, Jack? You are not angry with me?'  "'So,' said I, 'this is where you went during the night. Much struggle it cost 
him, anxious spirit-questionings and midnight prayings, with many a doubt and a misgiving; but the issue was that ere he had been three days in Castle Twynham he had taken service under Sir Nigel, and had accepted horse and harness, the same to be paid for out of his share of the profits of the expedition. Henceforth for seven hours a day he strove in the tilt-yard to qualify himself to be a worthy squire to so worthy a knight. Young, supple and active, with all the pent energies from years of pure and healthy living, it was not long before he could manage his horse and his weapon well enough to earn an approving nod from critical men-at-arms, or to hold his own against Terlake and Ford, his fellow-servitors. But were there no other considerations 
which swayed him from the cloisters towards the world? So complex is the human spirit that it can itself scarce discern the deep springs which impel it to action. We must never 
go so far that we can't get back to our base. Somehow we gathered up a chair upon our way, and bounded on with it towards the street. My mouth was full of  his beard, our arms were locked, our bodies intertwined, and that infernal chair radiated its legs all round us. I will 
not say that we have not wrought great scath upon France, but women and children have been safe from us. Now and then I hazarded some remark to break the monotony of the journey, but the colonel answered only in monosyllables, and the conversation soon flagged. We are making for the Surrey side, apparently. We 
know that while with the right hand he takes our fifty thousand crowns for the holding of the passes open, he hath his left outstretched to Henry of Trastamare, or to the King of France, all ready to take as many more for the keeping them closed. Prendergast threw us 
over a chart, told us that we were shipwrecked mariners whose ship had foundered in Lat. 15 degrees and Long 25 degrees west, and then cut the painter and let us go. "'And now I come to the most 
surprising part of my story, my dear son. Nothing of the sort. "Mr. Holmes," 
she said, "this man had offered me marriage on condition that I could get a divorce from my husband. "When you go to bed lock the door 
of this room on the outside and keep the key. He spoke of giving me up. "  "Government employ. It was of common quality, grayish in colour. "  "There are two keys there. THE ADVENTURE OF THE SPECKLED BAND  On glancing over my notes of the seventy odd cases in which I have during the last eight years studied the methods of my friend Sherlock Holmes, I find many tragic, some comic, a large number merely strange, but none commonplace; for, working as he did rather for the love of his art than for the acquirement of wealth, he refused to associate himself with any investigation which did not tend towards the unusual, and even the fantastic. George E. With 
lips compressed and clouded brow, he strode up and down the oaken floor, the very genius and impersonation of asceticism, while the great bell still thundered and clanged above his head. All was quiet as in a dream landscape. I was dozing myself in the evening when someone plucked my sleeve, and I found Challenger kneeling beside me. You know I like to work the detail of my 
cases out. Now, Watson, there is one other condition that I would make. "  "Well, she had a slate-coloured, broad-brimmed straw hat, with a feather of a brickish red. "No, no, Jack, bluster won't do with me. "  "Well, either that boot comes back before sundown or I'll see the manager and tell him that I go right straight out of this hotel. "I am afraid 
that I am still a sceptic," he said. "  "Ah, thank heaven!" His face became radiant. "Quite so!" said he, a little 
nettled. "I found her more interesting than her little problem, which, by the way, is rather a trite one. "However, as you know, my habits are irregular, and 
such a feat means less to me than to most men. It was very essential that I should impress Mrs. I have not pushed it to the length of getting into a box to think, but that is the logical outcome of my convictions. I am going to smoke and to think over this queer business to which my fair client has introduced us. As he dangled from the hook it was exaggerated and 
intensified until he was scarce human in his appearance. Perhaps, Mr. "  The explorer took his cigar from his lips and gazed sternly at my companion. The one unpleasant thing about the house, which struck me at once, was the appearance and conduct of the servants. Everywhere there were stern signs 
of the crudest battle of life, the rude work to be done, and the rude, strong workers who did it. "  "Dear father," cried Tita, still supporting the angry old man, as he limped up the curved oaken stair. There is not only the herd, but the shearer and brander, and then the dresser, the curer, the dyer, the fuller, the webster, the merchant, and a score of others. The detection of types is one of the most elementary branches of knowledge to the special expert in crime, though I confess that once when I was very young I confused the Leeds Mercury with the Western Morning News. There was a thrill in the doctor's voice which showed that he was himself deeply moved by that which he told us. I must go now, Doctor; I have my dooties, just the same as you. "We can't all be Stanleys and Burtons," said I; "besides, we 
don't get the chance,--at least, I never had the chance. I am at a loss to know now why 
you did not advertise. "I have the pleasure," said I, "of knowing your father. 
And yet it is so real with me, so entirely part of my very self, that I cannot help acting upon it. How wise and 
how merciful is that provision of nature by which his earthly anchor is usually loosened by many little imperceptible tugs, until his consciousness has drifted out of its untenable earthly harbor into the great sea beyond!  Mrs. I well remember how he plied me with questions as to the amount and the time that was needed for its effect, but I little dreamed that he could have a personal reason for asking. Then I rushed up the stairs, only to find two other rooms empty and deserted at the top. "That 
is why I have done it," said he. "Ay," said Baldwin, catching his meaning. "If 
he is strapped to that, we will have the truth out of him. But what I can't make head or tail of, Mr. Yet 
he can tilt or play his part at hand-strokes as merrily as ever. A woman, in 
monkish precepts, had been the embodiment and concentration of what was dangerous and evil--a focus whence spread all that was to be dreaded and avoided. Dully and far off I heard the crack of a rifle and was feebly aware of the shock as I was dropped to the earth, where I lay without sense or motion. I awoke to find 
myself on my back upon the grass in our lair within the thicket. But it's cursed hard that I should be lagged over this young Sholto, with whom I had no quarrel whatever. I imagined what my feelings would be if I had to 
return to you and to confess that some misfortune had occurred through my disregard for your instructions. But still, we are aware, my friend, that love-gages may take strange shapes. Indeed, my lord, they are very cruel and black-hearted men, graceless and ruthless, and if they should come to the ancient and powerful town of Lepe then--"  "Then good-bye to the ancient and powerful town of Lepe," quoth Ford, whose lightness of tongue could at times rise above his awe of Sir Nigel. "  "No doubt. Soames: that, unless the Indian student recognized the roll as being proofs, the man who tampered with them came upon them accidentally without knowing that they were there. "  "So it seems to me. "  "And from what?"  "From your slippers. By the way, I have been reading a short but clear and 
interesting account of the old building, purchasable at the modest sum of one penny from the local tobacconist. How to get Drebber to that house was the difficult problem which I had now to solve. The old chief stepped 
forward to us, and asked us some questions, pointing at the same time to the woods. The roof ran up to an 
apex, and was evidently the inner shell of the true roof of the house. The blankets of Challenger and of Summerlee 
beside the fire suggested that they had been asleep at the time. One huge gingko tree, topping 
all the others, shot its great limbs and maidenhair foliage over the fort which we had constructed. Opposite her stood a brutal, heavy-faced, red-moustached young man, his gaitered legs parted wide, one arm akimbo, the other waving a riding crop, his whole attitude suggestive of triumphant bravado. In the corner, between the bookcase 
and the wall, there stood a tall, green safe, the firelight flashing back from the polished brass knobs upon its face. I can only lay the facts before you as far as I know them myself. Our conversation ran something 
like this:  "'You can do no good by this obstinacy. "  We had, indeed, reached a questionable and forbidding neighborhood. "You get to your point, I admit; but you have such a deuced round-the-corner way of doing it. "Here is a sign for you, since you must have one. "It appeared in all the papers about a year ago. "Of course, we do not yet know what the relations may have been between Alec Cunningham, William Kirwan, and Annie Morrison. "I did not say so," said 
Holmes, imperturbably. Cunningham, tartly. Mr. Williamson was the name of the 
tenant. There is some rumor that he is or has been a clergyman, but one or two incidents of his short residence at the Hall struck me as peculiarly unecclesiastical. "Have you had something to eat?  Then join me in 
a coffee and curacao. I confess that I am surprised and disappointed. The 
natives were Cucama Indians, an amiable but degraded race, with mental powers hardly superior to the average Londoner. "'In order 
to reach the billiard-room I had to descend a flight of stairs and then to cross the head of a passage which led to the library and the gun-room. '  "'Well, I hope to goodness the house won't be burgled during the night. "   This was the letter that I read aloud to Tarp Henry, who had come down early to hear the result of my venture. I could read it from thy reddened cheek and downcast eye. But it couldn't have been so very 
deep, could it, if you could go off to the other end of the world and leave me here alone. "  "You don't think that it might have been two shots fired almost at the same instant?"  "I am sure I couldn't say, sir. You see, it isn't like any ordinary convict. For this reason I asked you to return with me, as I was minded to make your further acquaintance. Holmes and I glanced at each other, and Hall Pycroft took a step towards the table. I never guessed that I should meet you. "Our material 
is rapidly accumulating," said he. "The indications would be consistent with the presence of a saber-toothed tiger, such as are still found among the breccia of our caverns; but the creature actually seen was undoubtedly of a larger and more reptilian character. Max Linder & Co. paid five hundred to be left alone. Walker Brothers sent in a hundred; but I took it on myself to return it and ask for five. If I do not hear by Wednesday, their winding gear may get out of order. Upon the 
fourth day there appeared a long telegram from Paris which seemed to solve the whole question. My surprise reached a climax, 
however, when I found incidentally that he was ignorant of the Copernican Theory and of the composition of the Solar System. And yet, without a harshness which 
was foreign to his nature, it was impossible to refuse to listen to the story of the young and beautiful woman, tall, graceful, and queenly, who presented herself at Baker Street late in the evening, and implored his assistance and advice. Genius, my dear Von Bork--genius!"  "You flatter me, Baron. But certainly I may claim my four years in this country have not been unproductive. On the evening of the second there 
came a letter from Hilton Cubitt. One instant of time had put aristocrat, waiter, tramp, and dog upon one common footing of inert and dissolving protoplasm. Rucastle coming out through this door, his keys in his hand, and a look on his face which made him a very different person to the round, jovial man to whom I was accustomed. I got his leave to come into town this morning, though he little knew for what purpose. I knew then that I 
could do my employer no good, but would only throw my own life away if I meddled in the matter. If you are clever enough to bring destruction upon me, rest assured that I shall do as much to you. "  "I must say that I am rather disappointed in our London consultant," said Colonel Ross, bluntly, as my friend left the room. "Well, well, you have 
your own methods, Mr. "  The lecturer unlocked the outer door and ushered us into his room. "Did I ask 
you for your advice, or did you think me such a sucker that I couldn't move without it? You speak when you are spoken to, and by the Lord you'd have to wait a long time if it was me!" He thrust out his face and grinned at the patrolmen like a snarling dog. With my 
own eyes I saw him in the rout sweep the head from a knight of Picardy with one blow of his sword. Holmes sat 
motionless by the fire, his hands buried deep in his trouser pockets, his chin sunk upon his breast, his eyes fixed upon the glowing embers. According to his lights he has been a kind master. Presumably, then, the young man had one. Was it taken from him in order to conceal the station from which he came?  It is possible. There was rain about that time, and his death had certainly been before the rain. Push through, and you will 
understand. "  It was indeed a wonderful place. Then she was gone. Finally, after the death of Tregennis, you withdrew as you had come. Now, Dr. If I could only use it to detach his wife--"  "His wife?"  "I am giving you some information now, in return for all that you have given me. If you work against me I must expose you. It is probable that he will be away all day, and that there would be nothing to disturb you. The bed was in the centre of the room, and in it, propped up with pillows, was the owner of the house. The Aurora herself we hauled off and made fast to our stern. Duncan Ross was there to see that I got fairly to work. He answered that the name was new 
to him. "'You are looking for a situation, miss?' he asked. "I bowed. "  The explanation only brought uproarious merriment from Challenger. Here are the clothes, and Peter can leave them when next he comes this way. Here 
too were the beautiful brunettes of the Gironde, with eyes which out-flashed their jewels, while beside them rode their blonde sisters of England, clear cut and aquiline, swathed in swans'-down and in ermine, for the air was biting though the sun was bright. '  "'Tut, you will find that I have not forgotten old times,' cried Mr. "'And be 
laughed at for my pains. Nothing of the sort. This is no time for despair. It must have been a private wrong, and not a political one, which called for such a methodical revenge. And now, gentleman, I would 
ask you whether we have anything to fear from the law, or whether any judge upon earth would condemn my Gennaro for what he has done?"  "Well, Mr. I feel it in my bones. Protruding my head, I sank my teeth into the 
calf of her leg. The experiment was successful beyond belief. Alleyne, weary with the 
unwonted excitements of the day, was soon in a deep slumber broken only by fleeting visions of twittering legs, cursing beggars, black robbers, and the many strange folk whom he had met at the "Pied Merlin. With his guidance he passed the fringe of Bolderwood Walk, famous for old ash and yew, through Mark Ash with its giant beech-trees, and on through the Knightwood groves, where the giant oak was already a great tree, but only one of many comely brothers. I knew that the opening of safes was a particular hobby with him, and I understood the joy which it gave him to be confronted with this green and gold monster, the dragon which held in its maw the reputations of many fair ladies. The window of the room in which they sat was closed, but the blind was not drawn down. Over the wall of the yard we looked down 
upon the winding road, which led to the station. "Mr. Sherlock Holmes is out, I understand. The future will show which is right. "My rings were put on his finger; but when it came to the wedding 
ring," he held out his muscular hand, "you can see for yourselves that I had struck the limit. "They have cleared the poop, and they spring into the waist. 
Go where they would about London, I was always at their heels. What did you do next?"  Rance resumed his seat, without however losing his mystified expression. Had 
she seen someone, then? If she had, it must be someone from America because she had spent so short a time in this country that she could hardly have allowed anyone to acquire so deep an influence over her that the mere sight of him would induce her to change her plans so completely. It is the five miles of country which makes the danger. It suggests that he did not think it was going to be of much practical importance. Now and again a peaty amber colored 
stream rippled across their way, with ferny over-grown banks, where the blue kingfisher flitted busily from side to side, or the gray and pensive heron, swollen with trout and dignity, stood ankle-deep among the sedges. How often I stopped with the intention of returning, and yet every time my pride conquered my fear, and sent me on again until my object should be attained. There seems no other 
way, and fortunately we need concern ourselves with the one paper only. Fournaye, was 
seen for some hours upon Monday night watching the house in Godolphin Street. "What do 
you think of that, Holmes?" I had read the account aloud to him, while he finished his breakfast. "  "What! Sir Oliver Buttesthorn!" cried Sir Nigel. "  "And I am the witness?"  "If you will be so good. P. R. ," and then came several sheets of numbers. 
"Hum! He's about due. Do you feel a creeping, shrinking sensation, Watson, when you stand before the serpents in the Zoo, and see the slithery, gliding, venomous creatures, with their deadly eyes and wicked, flattened faces? Well, that's how Milverton impresses me. Where is 
your dignity, George?"  "How about yours, my dear?"  "You try me too much. It is, as I have said, a labyrinth of an old house, especially the original wing, which is now practically uninhabited; but we ransacked every room and cellar without discovering the least sign of the missing man. She was still, however, well in view, and the murky 
uncertain twilight was setting into a clear starlit night. "Well, now I come to the 
queer part of my story. "And you, sir, have lived an unimaginative 
obstructionist and never can hope now to emerge from it. When young Amory de Valance was here last Lammastide he looked kindly upon the girl, and even spoke of taking her into his service. So I stayed to look after it. Carere has blurred 
my recollection of Baskerville Hall. Tomorrow some other little problem may be submitted to my notice which will in turn dispossess the fair French lady and the infamous Upwood. Laura Lyons, of equivocal reputation, a long step will have been made towards clearing one incident in this chain of mysteries. With these two facts in my possession I felt that either my intelligence or my courage must be deficient if I could not throw some further light upon these dark places. Holmes sat motionless by the fire, his hands buried deep in his trouser pockets, his chin sunk upon his breast, his eyes fixed upon the glowing embers. Carruthers's employment. Even the high pay cannot reconcile me to the discomforts of my situation. Weighed down with his burden, and weary from his exertions, he stumbled along, keeping up his heart by the reflection that every step brought him nearer to Lucy, and that he carried with him enough to ensure them food for the remainder of their journey. He had now come to the mouth of the very 
defile in which he had left them. His conversation, I remember, was about the Bertillon system of measurements, and he expressed his enthusiastic admiration of the French savant. He was very late in returning--so late, that 
I knew that the concert could not have detained him all the time. Yes, yes, I think I see how we 
should approach it. The victims of persecution had now turned persecutors on their own account, and persecutors of the most terrible description. It may be that he desires his grapes to be cleaner. "  "But it has twice been burgled. Sniff not treason where none is meant. I have seen him smile in his quiet way because I had looked for the fourth time towards the carving squire. "'Well, matters went from bad to 
worse with us, and this animal Hudson became more and more intrusive, until at last, on making some insolent reply to my father in my presence one day, I took him by the shoulders and turned him out of the room. Might I ask how you know, and how much you know?' He spoke now in a half-jesting fashion, but a look of terror still lurked at the back of his eyes. Your 
gentle courtesy may perhaps grant me an exchange of thrusts. "  "And this giant behind you?"  "He is big John, of Hordle, a forest man, who hath now taken service in the Company. " He took a sheaf of worn and greasy forms from his pocket. 
"'Holdernesse, 6th Duke, K. G. , P. C. , seated serene and impregnable behind 
all mere molecular disturbance. They were afterwards seen together upon the platform. He started home again, but the agent went with him. Appreciation of nature found no place among his many gifts, and his only change was when he turned his mind from the evil-doer of the town to track down his brother of the country. Finding that Holmes was too absorbed for conversation 
I had tossed aside the barren paper, and leaning back in my chair I fell into a brown study. Months afterwards a curious newspaper cutting reached us from Buda-Pesth. It told how two Englishmen who had been traveling with a woman had met with a tragic end. It's been owing him a long time, and he'll 
get it full and proper. I'm all for a header and have done with it. Hosmer Angel. 
"Missing," it said, "on the morning of the fourteenth, a gentleman named Hosmer Angel. About five ft. On rising at seven, one of the maids noticed that the door of the hut was open, but so great was the terror which the man caused that it was midday before anyone would venture down to see what had become of him. I confess that I was disappointed. That is the situation for the discussion of 
which I have made a claim of urgency. "  The car on its lowest speed had ground its way up a steep, curving ascent. "It boots not. "Look here!" he cried, leaning forward and dabbing a 
great hairy sausage of a finger on to the picture. "You see that plant behind the animal; I suppose you thought it was a dandelion or a Brussels sprout--what?  Well, it is a vegetable ivory palm, and they run to about fifty or sixty feet. '"  "That is so. "Personally I am in agreement with Dr. Armstrong, and football does not come within my horizon. "If you could step downstairs with us, we may each be able to give some light to the other upon this miserable affair. "  "We'll have the truth out of him, never fear," said McMurdo. "Yes; there is a 
point which I wish to ascertain. "Then put your hand here," he said, with a 
smile, motioning with his manacled wrists towards his chest. "  So saying, Sir Nigel mounted the white horse of the Spanish cavalier, and rode quietly forth from his concealment with his three companions behind him, Alleyne leading his master's own steed by the bridle. Isn't that 
the direction of the great Grimpen Mire?"  "Yes, it is. "  "Well, it was up there. "  "Yes. "A clever counsel would tear it all to rags," said he. Hungerton, her father, really was the most tactless person upon earth,--a fluffy, feathery, untidy cockatoo of a man, perfectly good-natured, but absolutely centered upon his own silly self. If anything could have driven me from Gladys, it would have been the thought of such a father-in-law. The world is wide. These were the men who 
assembled that night under the roof of McMurdo for the killing of the Pinkerton detective. The man who wrote all 
his words first is undoubtedly the man who planned the affair. I have stood many a time and 
thought what a neat little homestead it would make. 450 Express and the fowlin'-piece, the shorter one with the rubbered stock, and a clip or two of cartridges--just a fool's fancy, of course, but there it is. How does it strike you, Herr Professor?"  "Well," said Summerlee, "since you ask my opinion, it strikes me as an indefensible throwback to the Stone Age or before it. How the Bowmen held 
Wassail at the "Rose de Guienne" XXIII. "The only document found in the pocket of the deceased was a letter from you saying that you would be with him on the night of his death. "Precisely. "  "Hum! It may prove the simplest matter in the world, but all the same at first glance this is just a little curious, is it not? A gang of burglars acting in the country might be expected to vary the scene of their operations, and not to crack two cribs in the same district within a few days. "  "My good Hopkins, I have investigated many crimes, but I have never yet seen one which was committed by a flying creature. "  "What is the use of asking me questions when I tell you I know nothing whatever about it?"  "Quite so, madam," said Holmes in his soothing way. As to you, young fellah, you, of course, will spend yours in gettin' married. The future 
was our fate. The younger man sat over yonder; he knocked his ash off against the chest of drawers. I sent in my testimonial and application, but without the least hope of getting it. He gave 
up all pretence at conversation and sat, smoking endless cigarettes, lost in his own thoughts, but he made no remark as to the contents. When Cunningham saw that 
the case against him was so strong he lost all heart and made a clean breast of everything. At such times 
I have seen his face, even on a cold day, glisten with moisture, as though it were new raised from a basin. "  Holmes was curiously distrait, and we walked up and down the garden path for some time in silence. "  "These relics have a history then?"  "So much so that they are history. He laughed until everything in the room seemed to rattle and quiver. His face and 
hands were terribly mangled by his passage through the glass, but loss of blood had no effect in diminishing his resistance. Indeed, it was almost 
mesmeric, the effect which this giggling ruffian had produced upon the unfortunate linguist, for he could not speak of him save with trembling hands and a blanched cheek. He had 
been taken swiftly to Beckenham, and had acted as interpreter in a second interview, even more dramatic than the first, in which the two Englishmen had menaced their prisoner with instant death if he did not comply with their demands. But now the thing was officially confirmed. "  "The ring, man, the ring: that was what he came back for. "You are certainly 
right, sir. "I had misjudged you. "  "Can we help you, Mr. It had already assembled, and only by complicated signs and countersigns could he pass through the outer guard and inner guard who close-tiled it. Though reserved in its earlier 
vocabulary, it becomes, if I remember right, quite garrulous towards the end. "Is it not possible," I 
suggested, "that the incised wound upon Straker may have been caused by his own knife in the convulsive struggles which follow any brain injury?"  "It is more than possible; it is probable," said Holmes. There really are no 
bounds to the credulity and ignorance of the average layman. Then there were ninety-seven very fine emeralds, and one hundred and seventy rubies, some of which, however, were small. I read for about ten minutes, beginning in the heart of a chapter, and then suddenly, in the middle of a sentence, he ordered me to cease and to change my dress. You were not an accessory, therefore, and she came, so far as I can read the evidence, without your knowledge to rob you. This has always been held so. "  "How do they account for it?"  "They shuffled and lied--said that they found it on the moor on Tuesday morning. Vaguely I could discern the black bank of the trees and the lighter expanse of the moor, for the moon was behind the clouds. And then I gave a cry of exultation, for a tiny pinpoint of yellow light had suddenly transfixed the dark veil, and glowed steadily in the centre of the black square framed by the window. Holmes, if it costs me 
my neck. But you or I could squeeze through all right. "Good heavens!" I cried 
in amazement. "I have felt his arms round my ribs," said the bowman, "and they 
crackle yet at the thought of it. I should have had more faith in your marvellous faculty. "  "You don't say so?"  "And found a cause for the crime. The most difficult crime to track is the one 
which is purposeless. It was a bewildering route for anyone who was not accustomed to 
face Nature in her wildest moods. Holmes darted up, and I followed him. He was 
wrapped in some sort of dark ulster or blanket, which left only his face exposed; but that face was enough to give a man a sleepless night. "So you've got them too!" he cried. You 
perceive the devilish cunning of it, for really it would be almost impossible to make a case against the real murderer. "  "Unless we succeed in establishing an alternative theory, this man is lost. "This man, my fair lord, means to me a new house, ten cows, one bull--if it be but a little one--a grindstone, and I know not what besides; so that I thought it well to sit upon him, lest he should take a fancy to leave me. A death which has caused my brother to alter his habits can be no ordinary one. M. ERE. . . Produced by Roger Squires      A STUDY IN SCARLET. HTML version by Al Haines. The Adventure of the Red Circle   By  Sir Arthur Conan Doyle    "Well, Mrs. Inside they were warm and dry, running in straight passages of varying length into the side of the hill, with smooth gray walls decorated with many excellent pictures done with charred sticks and representing the various animals of the plateau. In that deeply peaceful 
atmosphere one could forget, or remember only as some fantastic nightmare, that darkened study with the sprawling, bloodstained figure on the floor. There's coffee on the table, Watson, and I have a cab at the door. "  "That will do, Mr. "  "If you will do this I think the chances are that our little problem will soon be solved. There is one rather obvious line of investigation. His name, it appears, was Fitzroy Simpson. It seldom was; but 
he was glad, I think, to see me. As we had no desire to draw the attention of the Indians to our proceedings, we stumbled along in the dark until we had gone round several curves and penetrated a considerable distance into the cavern. "Hist!" 
cried Holmes, and I heard the sharp click of a cocking pistol. "Look out! It's 
coming!"  There was a thin, crisp, continuous patter from somewhere in the heart of that crawling bank. "  "Perhaps," Challenger answered, "you would have the kindness to suggest what you think we ought to do. It is true that the description of this man tallies with your idea of the second party in this mystery. At the same 
instant there was a heavy thud, which shook the old house, and then all was silence. Thank God! he had reached the highest of those fatal pinnacles upon which his comrade had fallen. "I am a Worcestershire man myself,--born near Pershore. 
Has it never struck you that the way to catch that man was to find out where he got his food and so trace it to him?"  He certainly seemed to be getting uncomfortably near the truth. When I had got 
so far in my list I threw it into the fire in despair. He sprang to his feet 
with all his old energy. The ape-man pushed him roughly aside and shook his 
head. There were some papers of importance in the cupboard, but there were no signs that this had been tampered with, and the professor assures me that nothing was missing. Now, Mr. I should be glad, 
Lestrade, if you could make it convenient to meet us at Baker Street at six o'clock this evening. I kept my eye on her after that, for I knew there was some devilry in the wind. And this promises to be 
interesting. We go to France, and from thence I trust to Spain, in humble search of a field in which we may win advancement and perchance some small share of glory. Do you stand at the gate, Mahomet 
Singh, and give notice of their coming. We shall engage to get aboard her by night, and if you will drop us on any part of the Indian coast you will have done your part of the bargain. It was Summerlee who was the first to speak. Sometimes Holmes would hurry on, sometimes stop dead, 
and once he made quite a little detour into the meadow. What was it here? I hoped 
that the contents of his pockets might help me to form a conclusion. "  "It would be of the greatest interest to me," she said. Sir Nigel bent his 
knee devoutly as he put foot on land, and taking a small black patch from his bosom he bound it tightly over his left eye. These 
rapid successes, gained one after the other over four celebrated warriors, worked the crowd up to a pitch of wonder and admiration. I shall stand behind this crate, and do you conceal yourselves behind those. "It was a long document, written 
in the French language, and containing twenty-six separate articles. "It is wonderful! But I marvel, sir, that you should have risked a work of such beauty and value by bearing it at night through so unruly a crowd. I determined to wait until I got back to town before telling my story to the police. When we came to the door, I opened it, and led him into the front room. But the material damage, enormous as it is both in life and in property, is not the consideration which will be uppermost in our minds to-day. To his north would be Flanders and the country of the Eastlanders and of the Muscovites. Like a 
wave, the memory of the past swept over me, the good comradeship, the happy, adventurous days--all that we had suffered and worked for and won. I am not subject to impressions, but the dull, heavy evening, with the strange business upon which we were engaged, combined to make me nervous and depressed. We shall see one sunrise, which shall be all 
our own. If we could fly out of that window hand in hand, hover over this great city, gently remove the roofs, and peep in at the queer things which are going on, the strange coincidences, the plannings, the cross-purposes, the wonderful chains of events, working through generations, and leading to the most outr results, it would make all fiction with its conventionalities and foreseen conclusions most stale and unprofitable. If ever I permit you to chronicle any more of my little problems, Watson, I foresee that you will enliven your pages by an account of the singular adventure of the Napoleonic busts. "  The invalid sank back upon his cushions, tired out by this long recital, while his nurse poured him out a glass of some stimulating medicine. "  "Which window is that?"  "The last on the left next my father's. "Are those the clothes? For dear 
charity's sake give them to me. John Scott Eccles, of Popham House, Lee?"  "I am. "I have been at some small expense over this matter, which I shall expect the bank to refund, but beyond that I am amply repaid by having had an experience which is in many ways unique, and by hearing the very remarkable narrative of the Red-headed League. Blessington generally chose this hour of the day for his exercise. He may have been asleep, or he may have been so paralyzed with terror as to have been unable to cry out. "Come in!" said he. "I hope you 
have no designs upon us such a night as this. However, you will enjoy the rest of 
your breakfast all the better, will you not, for the thought that you have brought your case to a triumphant conclusion. Meanwhile, I should like in your presence, Mr. The famous air-gun of Von Herder will embellish the Scotland Yard Museum, and once again Mr. One door and the window frame had been plastered round with varnished paper so as to be practically sealed. I should 
much like to have a few details about this matter from the lips of Jonathan Small himself. " For an instant she sat up, her cheeks flushed, and her eyes blazing from under the terrible mark upon her brow. "But where is Ford, Alleyne?"  "He is foully murdered, my fair lord. A burly Sussex policeman and I had found 
it no light job. One side of the window was open, which I understand was quite usual in the summer-time, and he passed without difficulty into the room. A set of steps stood at one side of the room, in the midst of a litter of lath and plaster, and above them there was an opening in the ceiling large enough for a man to pass through. "What makes you think such a thing?"  "Because Inspector Martin from Norwich has just passed through. "Of course, it 
is as you say. "  "Have a care, Alleyne, have a care!" said Sir Nigel, kindly. "Of course that 
was why he needed the candle, and struck the match. "  Holmes's response was a curious one. Simon glanced over it. There is not, and 
there never has been, any such person. Holmes, in the conjecture which seemed to us to be probable in your rooms at Baker Street. The idea of some ghastly 
presence constantly haunted him, and on more than one occasion he has asked me whether I had on my medical journeys at night ever seen any strange creature or heard the baying of a hound. The idea of a snake instantly 
occurred to me, and when I coupled it with my knowledge that the doctor was furnished with a supply of creatures from India, I felt that I was probably on the right track. But the glories of the landscape were all wasted upon my companion, who was sunk in the deepest thought. He will not 
even go out of his way to verify his own solutions, and would rather be considered wrong than take the trouble to prove himself right. It was the man of all others whom I should have chosen--Tarp Henry, of the staff of Nature, a thin, dry, leathery creature, who was full, to those who knew him, of kindly humanity. The poor 
boy was half crazed with grief, and yet he had to go to London to play this match, for he could not get out of it without explanations which would expose his secret. Veer 
again, my hearts, and bring her to try with the main course!"  The sail swung round once more, and the cog, battered and torn and well-nigh water-logged, staggered in for this haven of refuge. A bluff cape to the north and a long spit to the south marked the mouth of the noble river, with a low-lying island of silted sand in the centre, all shrouded and curtained by the spume of the breakers. All was silent within. 
"Stop it!" I cried; "pull yourself together!" and I poured out some water from a caraffe. Within five paces of where he lay a narrow and little-used door led out into the bailey. There were ten or a dozen boarders 
there; but they were honest foremen or commonplace clerks from the stores, of a very different calibre from the young Irishman. I could see nothing recorded in the shape of crime which was not commonplace and futile. Sholto usually went 
down to his supper. --Mr. Sholto, it is my duty to inform you that anything which you may say will be used against you. I arrest you in the queen's name as being concerned in the death of your brother. "  "The same here. "  "My dear Watson, you evidently did not realize my meaning when I said that this man may be taken as being quite on the same intellectual plane as myself. "  "But I can't walk. "  "Did he say anything more?"  "He mentioned his name. "May heaven forfend!" cried the student hastily. I 
pray you, Edricson, that you will command my guidon-bearer to put forward my banner. Can I rely upon you?"  "Most certainly. It is, as I gather from your original remarks, an inexplicable, or at least an unexplained, murder. Watson there would tell you that I was a nervous, sensitive boy at school. "  "No, I confess that I see no connection. I have little doubt, from what he says, that they are those whom we seek. I hadn't 
been at the table ten minutes before I saw Frank out of the window at the other side of the road. "  "A very sensible reply, Watson. "  "No, I am not. "Up to a certain point he did well. He was always a man of iron nerve, and the story is still told in India how he crawled down a drain after a wounded man-eating tiger. "I then proceeded to 
make a careful examination of the room, which confirmed me in my opinion as to the murderer's height, and furnished me with the additional details as to the Trichinopoly cigar and the length of his nails. But no doubt it is appreciable even in our young friend here. "  "Very glad to see you. "Hullo! Hullo!" he cried, looking him up and down. The 
lash, however, was curled upon itself and tied so as to make a loop of whipcord. The two police officers were 
dozing. They were carefully examined, and showed that he was a keen student of international politics, an indefatigable gossip, a remarkable linguist, and an untiring letter writer. If it came off when Garcia returned, any possible suspicion would be warded off by the Englishman's evidence, and all would be well. "Had we known that your own coffers were so low, or that this sorry sum could have weighed one way or the other, we had been loth indeed----"  "Enough, sire, enough!" said the prince, flushing with vexation. "  "And how could man die better?" asked the archer. "Who was he?" asked Holmes. 
"He stands on the further side of my mark," answered the Brabanter, "so he has little to fear from you. "I am not quite so bulky, but if he had remained I might have shown him that my grip was not much more feeble than his own. "I am going right on. Miss 
Morstan has done me the honor to accept me as a husband in prospective. A wondrous subtle thing is love, for here were we two who had never seen each other before that day, between whom no word or even look of affection had ever passed, and yet now in an hour of trouble our hands instinctively sought for each other. To the right of this stood, and 
stands to this day, an ancient barrow, or burying mound, covered deeply in a bristle of heather and bracken. Hordle John caught up the Lady Loring as though she had been a feather, and sprang with her into an open porch; while Aylward, with a whirl of French oaths, plucked at his quiver and tried to unsling his bow. Alleyne, all unnerved at so strange and unwonted a sight, shrunk up against the wall with his eyes fixed upon the frenzied creature, which came bounding along with ungainly speed, looking the larger in the uncertain light, its huge jaws agape, with blood and slaver trickling to the ground. With his guidance he passed the fringe of Bolderwood Walk, famous for old ash and yew, through Mark Ash with its giant beech-trees, and on through the Knightwood groves, where the giant oak was already a great tree, but only one of many comely brothers. Close at his heels came a hundred furious peasants, who flung themselves again and again against the five swords which confronted them. Alleyne was still gazing after them, listening to the loud "Hyke-a-Bayard! Hyke-a-Pomers! Hyke-a-Lebryt!" with which they called upon their favorite hounds, when a group of horsemen crashed out through the underwood at the very spot where the serf and he were standing. On either hand gray walls and square grim 
keeps peeped out at every few miles from amid the forests while the few villages which they passed were all ringed round with rude walls, which spoke of the constant fear and sudden foray of a wild frontier land. All was quiet with 
him, save that a long inscription had appeared that morning upon the pedestal of the sundial. "I should have gone to 
the City that day, but I was too disturbed in my mind to be able to pay attention to business matters. There is the death of 
this schoolmaster to be accounted for. The detection of types is one of the most elementary branches of knowledge to the special expert in crime, though I confess that once when I was very young I confused the Leeds Mercury with the Western Morning News. Some probability is 
lent to the theory by the fact that one of these students came from the north of Ireland, and, to the best of Miss Cushing's belief, from Belfast. Now, however, instead of the great white cloak, he had no clothes on at all, save a short woollen shirt and a pair of leather shoes. At the square-topped corner public houses business was just beginning, and rough-looking men were emerging, rubbing their sleeves across their beards after their morning wet. I placed one arm round the trunk of the tree and leaned over the abyss. You'll find it through the length and breadth of the States, but always as an innocent one. I couldn't have believed it if I hadn't seen it with my own eyes. At last, however, came what we had waited for 
so long. As they raised him, a ring tinkled down and rolled across the floor. All the way they were 
ahead of me, one on each side of the horse until I pulled up at the house in the Brixton Road. Right 
across the foot of the hill there had sprung up a long wall of struggling horses and stricken men, which ever grew and heightened as fresh squadrons poured on the attack. One young knight on a gray jennet leaped over his fallen comrades and galloped swiftly up the hill, shrieking loudly upon Saint James, ere he fell within a spear-length of the English line, with the feathers of arrows thrusting out from every crevice and joint of his armor. But your other difficulties are not so formidable as they seem. These pretended 
journeys to France were rather cumbrous. Naturally, it was to my interest to buy their land before they discovered its true value, but unfortunately I had no capital by which I could do this. I took a few of my friends into the secret, however, and they suggested that we should quietly and secretly work our own little deposit and that in this way we should earn the money which would enable us to buy the neighbouring fields. "This fellow may be very clever," I said to myself, "but he is certainly very conceited. If they fail, I have other resources; but I shall try them first. "  An instant later, his feet were on my shoulders, but he was hardly up before he was down again. 7 on the left here. "  He moved slowly forward with his candle among the queer animal family which he had gathered round him. "If a herd of buffaloes had passed along there could not be a greater mess. "   II. Douglas must have shot himself. He had been a kind and considerate employer--not quite what Ames was used to, perhaps; but one can't have everything. Now from this double point our research must commence, and we will begin it by presuming that what the lad says is absolutely true. "Our young friend has the 
thews and sinews," said he. "  I saw an intent look pass over Holmes's face. "Well, well," said he presently with an exclamation of satisfaction, "things are turning a little in our direction at last. I couldn't bring 'em with me. "  "What do you mean, then?"  "I mean that I have earned the reward. "Exactly. I don't suppose he can always 
be so violent as that. "  "That is a very strong prod of yours," said Johnston, shaking his grizzled head as he glanced at the thick arch and powerful strings of his rival's arbalest. Looking round, the wayfarers saw a gaunt, big-boned man, 
with sunken cheeks and a sallow face, who had come up behind them. His appearance was such that he might have been the very genius or demon of the region. "  "I thought he would never go. "Dead?  Did you say he was dead?"  "Yes, sir, he is dead. "  "But how?  An accident?"  "Murder, if ever there was one upon earth. Holmes sat in a great, 
old-fashioned chair, his inexorable eyes gleaming out of his haggard face. "The man married a woman 
very much older than himself for her money," said he, "and he enjoyed the use of the money of the daughter as long as she lived with them. So was the Southwark fire. Further 
on, at the edge of the woodland, he came upon a chapman and his wife, who sat upon a fallen tree. With their flashing teeth, their bristling 
hair, their mad leapings and screamings, they seemed to Alleyne more like fiends from the pit than men of flesh and blood. We laid him upon the drawing-room sofa, and having dispatched the sobered Toller to bear the news to his wife, I did what I could to relieve his pain. The proof of this lies in the fact that it was _he_ who had arranged for the presence of Scott Eccles, which could only have been done for the purpose of an alibi. Leon 
Sterndale, the great lion-hunter and explorer. We have been conducing a chemical experiment indoors which has left our little room hardly fit for the reception of so distinguished a visitor. It is indeed, a fearful 
place. Miss Morstan was muffled in a dark cloak, and her sensitive face was composed, but pale. "I knew in my heart that he was dead," said she. Holmes before," said Inspector MacDonald. 
Lestrade had produced two candles, and the policemen had uncovered their lanterns. "  "You were not yourself at fault at all, then?"  "From the first, two facts were very obvious to me, the one that the lady had been quite willing to undergo the wedding ceremony, the other that she had repented of it within a few minutes of returning home. I fancy that he really did see something of the kind upon that last night in the yew alley. In only 
one matter has she ever gone against my wishes. The lusty knight, on the other hand, was clad in the very latest mode, with cote-hardie, doublet, pourpoint, court-pie, and paltock of olive-green, picked out with pink and jagged at the edges. A SCANDAL IN BOHEMIA  I. "  "That won't do, my dear Watson," said Holmes, shaking his head, "for no amount of IDEE FIXE would enable your interesting monomaniac to find out where these busts were situated. What will he say when he returns?"  "He must guard himself, for he may find that there is someone more cunning than himself upon his track. If there had been anything worth her 
taking, it would surely have been locked up. "It was you who told me first that the cottage was 
occupied. Dawson had retired. I was only ten years of age at the time, but I was old enough to feel the shame and horror of it all. I gave the maid a card, but I see that she has 
left it upon the side-table. However, if it suits you, we will retire early tonight, and perhaps things may seem more cheerful in the morning. That 
evening we had a grand discussion upon our present situation and future plans, which I must describe at some length, as it led to a new departure by which we were enabled to gain a more complete knowledge of Maple White Land than might have come in many weeks of exploring. Half the 
match is consumed in lighting a pipe or cigar. Dim memories he had of beetling 
cliffs, of a group of huts with wondering faces at the doors, of foaming, clattering water, and of a bristle of mountain beeches. Once, ere he had ridden far, he heard behind him three deep, sullen shouts, which told him that his comrades had set their faces to the foe once more. It passed so swiftly 
that we were unable to say what it was; but if it were a deer, as was claimed by Lord John, it must have been as large as those monstrous Irish elk which are still dug up from time to time in the bogs of my native land. And here he comes, if I am not mistaken, to resolve all our doubts. Barrymore, of the secret journey 
of the butler to the western lattice window. What is the nearest telegraph-office? Grimpen. The various checks which influence the struggle for existence in the world at large are all neutralized or altered. Turner was apparently the richer man, so McCarthy became his tenant but still remained, it seems, upon terms of perfect equality, as they were frequently together. Both these witnesses depose that Mr. Indeed, so distorted were their features that, save for his black beard and stout figure, we might have failed to recognize in one of them the Greek interpreter who had parted from us only a few hours before at the Diogenes Club. It was the shrill out-cry of the landlady when she found her loss, and the clucking of the hens, which had streamed in through the open door, that first broke in upon the slumbers of the tired wayfarers. "  "Quite so, but it seems rather an absurd blind, does it not? Were there other bicycles in this shed?"  "Several. "He must have been holding it as a signal," said I. It was a stout 
oak cudgel. I had not yet learned their cunning or their strength. The campaign brought honours and promotion to 
many, but for me it had nothing but misfortune and disaster. Hudson, the landlady of Sherlock Holmes, 
was a long-suffering woman. Not only was her first-floor flat invaded at all hours by throngs of singular and often undesirable characters but her remarkable lodger showed an eccentricity and irregularity in his life which must have sorely tried her patience. I am convinced that these marks were left by the man who rifled the papers. "  "And why did Simon laugh in front of the inn-door!" asked John. "  "Do you know anything of the commissionnaire?"  "Nothing except that he is an old soldier. "I have noted your absent mind, 
your kindling eye, your trying and riveting of old harness. My dear Watson, I owe you a thousand apologies. Sometimes I think that I am myself. 
Finally he sprang from his chair with a cry of satisfaction, and walked up and down the room rubbing his hands together. "Mr. Holmes is an independent investigator," 
I said. "The brute! The brute!" I cried with clenched hands. There was no one in Charles Street, but a great traffic was going on, as usual, in Whitehall, at the extremity. But you have the truth now, Holmes, and you can die with the knowledge that I killed you. If you were sent to sea alone in an open boat to some unknown destination, your heart might well sink within you. Simon, I have 
brought an advocate here who may be more successful. I just made up my mind to run away and explain afterwards. It was half-past eleven before we went to our room. ' There can be no question that the latter as a reply to an appeal is far the most probable, and the circumstances pointed to its being a reply written by the lady. 'I never 
heard of it,' said I. '  "The instant that I uttered the words I regretted the rashness of my speech. '  "'Not so many as you might think,' he answered. "  "'The impudent scoundrel!' I cried. He and a girl of fourteen, who does a bit 
of simple cooking and keeps the place clean--that's all I have in the house, for I am a widower and never had any family. "I have heard your name, 
Mr. I did but follow the notes I heard. And so in ten minutes I had left my armchair and cheery sitting-room behind me, and was speeding eastward in a hansom on a strange errand, as it seemed to me at the time, though the future only could show how strange it was to be. From Dax to St. My time is of value, and the same thing may be said, no doubt, in a lesser degree of your own. "  "The Cedars?"  "Yes; that is Mr. "I say, look at this," said he. "It was invisible, buried in 
the mud. Trevelyan, drawing a large coil from under the bed. "He was morbidly nervous of fire, and always kept this beside him, so that he might escape by the window in case the stairs were burning. "  The butler was standing very pale but very collected before us. It may be some 
time before I get back. "The main fact is that he HAD the pearl, and at that 
moment, when it was on his person, he was pursued by the police. "  "V. "  "And the none-meat horn has blown three times," quoth Harcomb, as they all streamed in chattering groups from the ground. "  "That is what I should myself propose. "  "And so was I at first. Every last one of them, semaphore, lamp code, Marconi--a copy, mind you, not the original. The plans, which are exceedingly intricate, comprising some thirty separate patents, each essential to the working of the whole, are kept in an elaborate safe in a confidential office adjoining the arsenal, with burglar-proof doors and windows. I held my bedroom candle lit in my hand, and, by its light, behind the first man I saw two others, who were in the act of entering. It is an inch of elm with bull's hide over it. I had been unduly excited by the adventure of the tree, and sleep seemed to be impossible. "'DEAR MISS HUNTER:--Miss 
Stoper has very kindly given me your address, and I write from here to ask you whether you have reconsidered your decision. My wife is very anxious that you should come, for she has been much attracted by my description of you. Then I went into the back yard and smoked a pipe and wondered what it would be best to do. At last she continued:  "I will tell you about last night. Finally I was left in doubt as to whether 
it was animal or human. But now, Mr. Of all ghosts the ghosts of our old lovers are the worst. At dawn and at sunset the howler monkeys screamed together and the parrakeets broke into shrill chatter, but during the hot hours of the day only the full drone of insects, like the beat of a distant surf, filled the ear, while nothing moved amid the solemn vistas of stupendous trunks, fading away into the darkness which held us in. Now it was clear that this also was nearly exhausted. What is the chief difference?"  "Your toes are all cramped together. "  "For me, I cannot conceive such wickedness!" cried the lady. "And that is--"  "That McCarthy senior met his death from McCarthy junior and that all theories to the contrary are the merest moonshine. Robbery had not been the object of the murder, for nothing was taken. Mr. Carruthers has got a 
trap, and so the dangers of the lonely road, if there ever were any dangers, are now over. "So I trust, Watson, so I trust," said Holmes, gravely. "Has this 
gentleman gone, then?"  "Yes, sir. "We have moved nothing except the lady. We have come from Nauvoo, 
in the State of Illinois, where we had founded our temple. One of the many interesting problems, therefore, which await our solution is to discover what that check may be and how it operates. Other ape-men in the trees above us hurled down stones and logs of wood, occasionally dropping bodily on to our ranks and fighting furiously until they were felled. He come back to us. "  I nodded again. Seclusion I can understand; but why print? Printing is a clumsy process. Why not write?  What would it suggest, Watson?"  "That he desired to conceal his handwriting. One thing I swear to you, and that is that when I wrote the letter I never dreamed of any harm to the old gentleman, who had been my kindest friend. It had been 
snatched down from a rack on the wall. I noticed a tall, thin, angular man seated in an arm-chair by the fire. "  "Ah! that is suggestive. I was still looking rather ruefully after the rapidly 
disappearing luggage-van which contained my wardrobe, when Holmes pulled my sleeve and pointed up the line. It was as ear-splitting as any whistle of a railway-engine; but whereas the whistle is a clear, mechanical, sharp-edged sound, this was far deeper in volume and vibrant with the uttermost strain of agony and horror. A fan, a 
glove, glasses--who knows what article may be carried as a token or treasured when a man puts an end to his life? This gentleman speaks of footsteps in the grass, but, after all, it is easy to be mistaken on such a point. 
"Shall I leave, Percy?" she asked. "  "There are many problems of disease, many strange pathological possibilities, in the East, Watson. "Well," he said, "I say now, as I said then, that a man should keep his little brain-attic stocked with all the furniture that he is likely to use, and the rest he can put away in the lumber-room of his library, where he can get it if he wants it. I hope to heaven that he has gone, for he has brought nothing but trouble here! I've not heard of him since I left out food for him last, and that was three days ago. Let me, therefore, return to the facts concerning Sir Henry Baskerville. "We will suppose that 
this couple are united by the bonds of a guilty love, and that they have determined to get rid of the man who stands between them. We could not leave her lying wounded upon the floor. Julia went there at Christmas two years ago, and met 
there a half-pay major of marines, to whom she became engaged. My stepfather learned of the engagement when my sister returned and offered no objection to the marriage; but within a fortnight of the day which had been fixed for the wedding, the terrible event occurred which has deprived me of my only companion. He is silent and 
distrait. "You have slept soundly," he said. Watson; but it is this way," said 
he: "When I was speaking to the other chap in London, at the time that he laughed at my not going to Mawson's, I happened to notice that his tooth was stuffed in this very identical fashion. Now I am assured that this is not so. The light still burned steadily in front. "I'll do so," he said, "we've been in the mountains for two months, and are not over and above in visiting condition. I understood that he had opened his campaign against Charles Augustus Milverton, but I little dreamed the strange shape which that campaign was destined to take. "  "An evening alone!"  "I propose to go up there presently. Holmes, there have come to my ears several incidents which are hard to reconcile with the settled order of Nature. It was 
not mere curiosity, though I have my share of that. Anything more monotonous and wearying could not be imagined, for, even at the most open places, I could not see more than ten or twelve yards, while usually my vision was limited to the back of Lord John's cotton jacket in front of me, and to the yellow wall within a foot of me on either side. Holmes, save that I 
was so perplexed that I felt I should not be happy until I had seen you and had your advice. We may come on 
something later which will bear upon it. Who was I? What did I want? What did I mean by asking questions? 
He had a fine flow of language, and his adjectives were very vigorous. '  "'How can you tell me what you know is false?' I cried. I could understand his regarding it as of small importance when I looked at it, for the metal was almost black and the stones lustreless and dull. I had gone 
up to ask him about you, and he was very offensive; accused me of coaxing you away from the service of the firm, and that sort of thing. Suddenly, however, we heard a step behind us, and there was the landlord, his heavy eyebrows drawn over his savage eyes, his swarthy features convulsed with passion. "'Ware the ale!" he said in 
a hoarse whisper, shaking a warning finger at the company. "Oh, holy Virgin, 'ware the ale!" and slapping his hands to his injury, he flitted off into the darkness, amid a shout of laughter, in which the vanquished joined as merrily as the victor. "You didn't get my letter at Para, then?"  "No, I got no letter. Now follow me, and we shall soon know all. He wants to 
be sure that she is on the lookout. "  "But would he come?" she asked, with something appealing in her voice and expression. "Since Mary hath played me false, I can scarce fight for her. "  "Yet any woman will serve. '  I'm a poor woman, sir, and Mr. '  "'There are but three,' said I. It is a little place near the borders of Oxfordshire, and within seven miles of Reading. They had each been stabbed, 
it seems, and the Hungarian police were of opinion that they had quarreled and had inflicted mortal injuries upon each other. In that great brain of his 
everything is pigeon-holed and can be handed out in an instant. On that to the right sat a very tall and well formed man with red hair, a livid face, and a cold blue eye, which had in it something peculiarly sinister and menacing. "Points," he muttered; "the points. "  "What of it?  What do you mean?"  "I suppose there are no great number of points on a system such as this?"  "No; they are very few. "  "If you will do this I think the chances are that our little problem will soon be solved. Soames: that, unless the Indian student recognized the roll as being proofs, the man who tampered with them came upon them accidentally without knowing that they were there. "  "So it seems to me. "Then I must ask, Lord Chandos, that you will step forth. 
His eyes were black an' his hair was red an' his voice like the parish bull. "One for you, Watson," said Holmes, when I pointed it out. 
His name was Gorgiano, and he had come also from Posilippo. I was very much surprised therefore, when yesterday, about three o'clock in the afternoon, he walked into my office in the city. Now I have come round to you, and on my way I was attacked by a rough with a bludgeon. That ain't what you might call old-fashioned 'ospitality, is it now?  Just you read it for yourself. "  I sprang from my chair and limped impatiently about the room with considerable bitterness in my heart. "  "I hardly consider that a conclusive proof. His name, it appeared, was Beppo, second name unknown. His ruddy hair was shot with grey, and the furrows upon his brow had been cut a little deeper by Time's chisel, but in all else he was the Lord John who had been our good comrade in the past. "Hullo, Herr Professor!  Hullo, young 
fella!" he shouted as he came toward us. "You seem heeled and ready. "And you accept the rule of the 
Bodymaster for the time being under all circumstances?"  "I do. "But I have my husband and my house, so I can thank heaven that there is no end of mine," said the lady. In some way I had excited the suspicion of Lopez, the secretary. "So long as neither man nor beast has seen 
or heard us, we are safe," said he. "And you were told to see me?"  "I was. "  "Once a clergyman, always a clergyman. "His majesty here will doubtless order that you have this dish hotly seasoned when we are all safely in Castile. "  "I will have a hotly seasoned dish for some folk I know of," answered Don Pedro with a cold smile. Your remarks are irrelevant and unintelligible. You swam up into my serious notice. Mac, as I 
am informed. Don't look so impatient; for I assure you that even so bald an account as this raises some sort of picture of the past in one's mind. Several people have been injured through doing that. For that reason I turned away from you this evening when you upset my books, for I was in danger at the time, and any show of surprise and emotion upon your part might have drawn attention to my identity and led to the most deplorable and irreparable results. Then, with 
the gesture of a man who has taken his decision, he sprang to his feet and passed into his bedroom. As long as all these questions were unsolved, I felt that sleep would be no easy matter, either for Holmes or myself. One of the fellows called him, I 
remember, "a silly old bleached cockatoo," which so enraged his chauffeur that he bounded out of his seat to take the part of his insulted master, and it was all we could do to prevent a riot in the street. "  "But I suppose either Sir James, or you, or West has that technical knowledge?"  "No doubt we had, but I beg you won't try to drag me into the matter, Mr. "  Holmes gave an ejaculation of impatience. "  "Well, my dear fellow, we have already arrived at the conclusion that the message received by Garcia at dinner was an appointment or an assignation. And, fortunately, we have no distance to go. "  "Why, my lord," quoth Ford, standing in his stirrups and shading his eyes, "it is old Hob Davidson, the fat miller of Milton!"  "Ah, so it is, indeed," said Sir Nigel, puckering his cheeks; "but wayside ventures are not to be scorned, for I have seen no finer passages than are to be had from such chance meetings, when cavaliers are willing to advance themselves. "  "Then let us go and look at the room. "Eglow, Eglonitz--here we are, Egria. It 
is in a German-speaking country--in Bohemia, not far from Carlsbad. "  We passed along the outer bounds of the Manor House park until we came to a place where there was a gap in the rails which fenced it. "It is an old 
bowyer's rede that the second feather of a fenny goose is better than the pinion of a tame one. "I would fain stay here forever amid all these beautiful things--" staring hard at the blushing Tita as he spoke--"but we must be back at our lord's hostel ere he reach it. If it were an Indian we could set it down as evidence of some pigmy race in America, but it appears to be a European in a sun-hat. Oh, man, it is awful--awful!" He put his hands to his face, and his body shook with convulsive sobs. "I was a little startled at the nature of the child's 
amusement, but the father's laughter made me think that perhaps he was joking. "  "You remember the Baker Street division of the detective police force whom I employed in the Jefferson Hope case?"  "Well," said I, laughing. "  "In that case I think that it is probable that no further steps may be taken. "Of course, it is a possible supposition that the thief has had a sudden illness--"  "An attack of brain-fever, for example?" asked the statesman, flashing a swift glance at him. " I had picked up the original cipher message and was bending my brows over it. There is less dust in this corner of 
the shelf than elsewhere. Between the two, behind the hill, was the house of the Stapletons. "They're married!" I gasped. "Come on!" cried our guide, 
"come on!" He rushed across the glade, Holmes and I at his heels. The man who entered was young, some two-and-twenty 
at the outside, well-groomed and trimly clad, with something of refinement and delicacy in his bearing. There only remains Mrs. "  "Except Mr. She's my wife. You may be in time to save her yet--though it be 
for the gallows. Watson, how pleased I was at such an extraordinary bit of good fortune. "  "Excuse my using your name," he said. These infernal Scowrers, this cursed 
vindictive nest of criminals--"  "No, no, my good sir," said Holmes. There were human beings, then, upon the 
plateau. At last however about two in the morning, I suddenly heard the gentle sound of a bolt being pushed back and the creaking of a key. We made a march that day which totaled some 
two-and-twenty miles, without any change in our prospects. We ordered three busts of that sort from 
Gelder & Co. There could be no doubt that that circlet of plain gold had once adorned the finger of a bride. I'm one, anyhow. Glad to 
see you in these parts. "  "Thank you. She bore upon her aquiline and emaciated face the traces of some recent tragedy. "I am so delighted that you have come," she said earnestly. Well, it 
is a great responsibility that I take upon myself, but I have given Hopkins an excellent hint and if he can't avail himself of it I can do no more. By the 
way, you have that big umbrella of yours, have you not?"  "It is here. My popularity would soon suffer if I were to carry out your orders to the letter. Plead with him, Watson. There is no good feeling between us. "  "Well, indeed then, Mac," Scanlan answered. "  "No, we can do nothing. "How is a man to take aim with these fool's toys, and how can he hope to do scath with them?"  "I will show you," answered Sir Nigel; "for here is the great box of powder, and if you will raise it for me, John, I will show you how it may be used. There may be other lights within the week, and the English coast a less tranquil place! The heavens, too, may not be quite so peaceful if all that the good Zepplin promises us comes true. Of course I knew better, but I could prove nothing. Mr. Carruthers was a widower, but he had engaged a lady housekeeper, a very respectable, elderly person, called Mrs. As to the special cause of my leaving, it is not 
merely the strained situation with Mr. Many a wayfarer upon the high road which ran by Ferrier's farm felt long-forgotten thoughts revive in their mind as they watched her lithe girlish figure tripping through the wheatfields, or met her mounted upon her father's mustang, and managing it with all the ease and grace of a true child of the West. It 
was a lucky thing that in Lord John we had found an expert driver, for it was no easy matter to pick one's way. You perceive our 
difficulties, Watson?"  "They are only too clear," I answered with conviction. I knew that it was the 
mark made by Brunton in his measurements, and that I was still upon his trail. Altogether there are 
eight maids, the cook, the butler, two footmen, and a boy. The garden and the stables of course have a separate staff. Above all, the owner of the soil could still hold his head high as the veritable Socman of Minstead--that is, as holding the land in free socage, with no feudal superior, and answerable to no man lower than the king. Up this the little train was slowly 
crawling. There are laws at work in connection with the action and distribution of daturon which would have been of deep interest had the time at our disposal permitted us to study them. But we have so much 
that it will be our own fault if we cannot get the rest. You don't seem quite to have made up your mind whether it's a case for a policeman or a clergyman. Some of them that fled into Nepaul took me with them, and then afterwards I was up past Darjeeling. The sands of our lives were running very low. It was up at the top of the house, in Mr. On the other hand, he had no 
means of supporting himself, and his father, who was by all accounts a very hard man, would have thrown him over utterly had he known the truth. In the Hebrides it was as 
late as seven. And here is the very note. "  "Curse you, you double traitor!" cried the German, straining against his bonds and glaring murder from his furious eyes. But surely this event 
could not have found its way into the Plymouth morning papers. Theresa was always my friend, for she loved Mary and hated this villain almost as much as I did. We must make it appear that burglars had done the thing. As Holmes turned up the lamp the light fell upon a card on the table. There is a gentle 
hum of life which pervades a closely-settled country, so deep and constant that one ceases to observe it, as the dweller by the sea loses all sense of the constant murmur of the waves. This, of course, if we could definitely prove it, would turn Lestrade's argument against himself, for who would steal a thing if he knew that he would shortly inherit it?  "Finally, having drawn every other cover and picked up no scent, I tried my luck with the housekeeper. It 

chanced that this Hugo came to love (if, indeed, so dark 

a passion may be known under so bright a name) the daughter 

of a yeoman who held lands near the Baskerville estate. This man was far from 
the place where the latter had disappeared. When I had made it clear to them, I returned to the main chamber of the machine and took a good look at it to satisfy my own curiosity. They had been 
drawn in chalk upon the black wooden door of the tool-house, which stands beside the lawn in full view of the front windows. They call them many names, and they rule them this way or that but they are all English, for I can hear the voices of the people. I told them that he was gone to Europe and that I did not know where to find him. He left them shortly after ten 
o'clock, playing cards round the dining-room table, in excellent health and spirits. The fault from what I hear may not have been entirely on one side. You will see a weasel holding a young rabbit in the window. Douglas. No, she was not hurrying; it 
did not seem to him that she was particularly agitated. "  "I am convinced," said I, "that this Reuben Hayes knows all about it. Old 
Acton has some claim on half Cunningham's estate, and the lawyers have been at it with both hands. But the maiden herself was most instructive. I told the whole story to Mr. It was a 
man who walked inside a framework made of bent canes so that he was enclosed on all sides in a bell-shaped cage. "  "But surely, Holmes, character goes for something?  Then, again, why should he leave the girl in the street and dart away to commit a felony?"  "Exactly!  There are certainly objections. They are useful, these traitors, 
but I grudge them their blood money. "  "And two knight-errants to the rescue," added Miss Morstan, with a bright glance at me. Kindly walk clear of the path. "'  "I did as he asked, and he put the paper in his pocket. 'There is a cellar 
under this then?' I cried. 'There she lies, with the red streaks. 'There she lies, with the red 
streaks. ' Then we have the name 'Douglas'--'rich--country--now--at Birlstone--House--Birlstone--confidence--is--pressing. 'The aborigines of the 
Andaman Islands may perhaps claim the distinction of being the smallest race upon this earth, though some anthropologists prefer the Bushmen of Africa, the Digger Indians of America, and the Terra del Fuegians. ' The maid is prepared to swear that those were the exact words. '  "'But was there another with a barred tail?' I asked, 'the same as the one I chose?'  "'Yes, Jem; there were two barred-tailed ones, and I could never tell them apart. '  "'No, no, we should have him loitering here always. 'May I ask who it was who 
gave me so good a character?'  "'Well, perhaps it is better that I should not tell you that just at this moment. I have it from the same source that you are both an orphan and a bachelor and are residing alone in London. He was 
flaxen-haired and handsome, in a washed-out negative fashion, with frightened blue eyes, and a clean-shaven face, with a weak, sensitive mouth. There he remained until 
closing time, and when he came out he was so far gone that I knew the game was in my own hands. What could be the reason of his overpowering terror? I left the breakfast-table, and as I ascended the stair I met him coming down with an old rusty key, which must have belonged to the attic, in one hand, and a small brass box, like a cashbox, in the other. As it fell out, however, he had that 
very evening, ere the sun had set, a chance of seeing how stern was the grip of the English law when it did happen to seize the offender. Here at least was a problem which would tax his sagacity to the utmost. The most, however, were 
young and dandy archers, with fresh English faces, their beards combed out, their hair curling from under their close steel hufkens, with gold or jewelled earrings gleaming in their ears, while their gold-spangled baldrics, their silken belts, and the chains which many of them wore round their thick brown necks, all spoke of the brave times which they had had as free companions. Several 
times Stapleton lurked about with his hound, but without avail. "At the moment, however, we had no thought 
for the old chest, for our eyes were riveted upon that which crouched beside it. I dare say E. It is a 
singular thing, but I find that a concentrated atmosphere helps a concentration of thought. So far as I 
can make out, it is nothing more exciting than an Abbey's accounts dating from the second half of the fifteenth century. Yet here, day after day for an 
hour after nones, and for an hour before vespers, he found himself in close communion with three maidens, all young, all fair, and all therefore doubly dangerous from the monkish standpoint. See this rose window, which is 
from the model of the Church of the Holy Trinity at Vendome, and this other of the 'Finding of the Grail,' which is for the apse of the Abbey church. Six--a box 
of monies, three pounds of Limousine gold-work, a pair of boots, silver tagged, and, lastly, a store of naping linen. So, the tally is complete! Here is a groat apiece, and you may go. "Eureka!" he cried, his teeth shining 
through his beard. "Gentlemen, you may congratulate me and we may congratulate each other. The problem is solved. "There has been some villainy here," said Holmes; "this 
beauty has guessed Miss Hunter's intentions and has carried his victim off. "I owe him nothing, and his friends are not mine. It is that you ring for the footman and let me give such orders as I like. What's that you've got?"  "Pretty things! fine things!" cried the little girl enthusiastically, holding up two glittering fragments of mica. Footsteps enough, anyhow! Well, well, there's Lestrade at the front window, and we shall soon know all about it. "  The official received us with a very grave face and showed us into a sitting-room, where an exceedingly unkempt and agitated elderly man, clad in a flannel dressing-gown, was pacing up and down. You must look at 
it this way: what I know is unofficial, what he knows is official. "  "Did you find your brougham?"  "Yes, it was waiting. "By my hilt! if you will stand forth and draw your sword I will warrant you that you will see neither one nor the other. It is very well in time of peace 
to lead such a life as we have had together, but now the war-banner is in the wind once more, and, by these ten finger-bones! if he go alone, old Samkin Aylward will walk beside it. If you would only come back with me in my brougham, you would at least be able to soothe him, though I can hardly hope that you will be able to explain this remarkable occurrence. You will hear soon. There can be no doubt that this fellow must have known the house and its habits. There was a sort of sulky defiance 
in her eyes, which only goes with guilty knowledge. Was it possible that they were 
going on with their game? Yes, there was a fellow driving off from a tee, and that other group upon the green were surely putting for the hole. God help those who wander into the 
great mire now, for even the firm uplands are becoming a morass. I would ask the lodge to choose a 
trusty committee, Mr. Soames he went for you. Such a thing has never happened during 
the many years that I have been here. The probability was, therefore, that she was telling the truth, or, at least, a part of the truth. I said so--I said so warmly, for I felt that the Professor was an ill-used man. "  "And therefore the worst of foemen to thyself," said Alleyne. "It's a bad job," he repeated; "and so Mr. No one is left," I cried. His ignorance was as 
remarkable as his knowledge. "So, Watson," said he, suddenly, "you do not 
propose to invest in South African securities?"  I gave a start of astonishment. And yet--and yet--" he clenched his thin hands in a paroxysm of conviction--"I KNOW it's all wrong. "  Sir Henry was more pleased than surprised to see Sherlock Holmes, for he had for some days been expecting that recent events would bring him down from London. The man was sitting up, blanched and ghastly, with returning reason in his eyes, and hands which rubbed nervously at the broad red band which still encircled his throat. All these 
details I observed afterwards. James's Street. Sherlock Holmes stopped at a 
door some little distance from the Carlton, and, cautioning me not to speak, he led the way into the hall. He used to make merry over the cleverness of women, but I have not heard him do it of late. "  There were several people on the pavement at the time, but the greeting appeared to come from a slim youth in an ulster who had hurried by. "Well, I have a trade of my own. "The proof of its intrinsic 
simplicity is, that without any help save a few very ordinary deductions I was able to lay my hand upon the criminal within three days. My view of the case is the 
correct one. With your permission, I will remain in the waiting-room while you go into my father's case. "  "There is a very proper cog out yonder," said Sir Nigel, "it would be a very strange thing if any ship were not a war-ship when it had such men as these upon her decks. You'll know all about it presently. "  "Any reward this time?" asked Cormac, a thick-set, dark-faced, brutal-looking young man, whose ferocity had earned him the nickname of "Tiger. "Well, well, you have your own methods, Mr. "  "Yes, it's worth it," the other answered, "to those that are loyal and go through with it and are a help to the lodge. Holmes?"  "I have looked into this case with some care, and I am not convinced that you are on the right lines. "How did you know, for example, that I did manual labour. "How now, sirrah? What message do you bring to us from our brother of Navarre?"  The new-comer to whom this abrupt query had been addressed was a tall and exceedingly handsome cavalier who had just been ushered into the apartment. "  "Give me food," the other said, hoarsely. I do not propose to appear in the 
matter at all. As he dangled from the hook it was exaggerated and intensified until he was scarce human in his appearance. "  "The official police don't need you, Mr. Young West took the papers. Maps were drawn and charts prepared, in which the future city was sketched out. All around farms were apportioned and allotted in proportion to the standing of each individual. I'm your man for the evening. "  "I confess that I do not see what we can hope for here," said Professor Summerlee. The instant that the Professor had disappeared, it struck me what a really extraordinarily lucky chance Fate had placed in my way. Away in the distance before and behind, the green boughs, now turning in places to a coppery redness, shot their broad arches across the track. And now, fair mother," he continued, when his daughter had gone, "sit you here by the fire, for your blood runs colder than it did. Barrymore, of 
the secret journey of the butler to the western lattice window. Congratulate me, my dear Holmes, and tell me that I have not disappointed you as an agent--that you do not regret the confidence which you showed in me when you sent me down. All these things have by one night's work been thoroughly cleared. Now, first of all, 
presuming that the assassin entered the house, how did he or she come in? Undoubtedly by the garden path and the back door, from which there is direct access to the study. "  Alleyne gazed upon the scene--the portly velvet-clad official, the knot of hard-faced archers with their hands to the bridles of their horses, the thief with his arms trussed back and his doublet turned down upon his shoulders. "  "Then go to London and test your conclusions. We could get no information from her, however, as she is very old and feeble. "  "Better pick up Mr. "Pretty bad," said he, when he had heard of the dinosaur 
and the pit. It was here that we received a sudden and amazing shock. 
Underneath, in the porch of the Abbey, the monks had gathered to give him a last God-speed. Many had brought some parting token by which he should remember them. With the small competence he possessed, eked out by such employment as he could pick up, he travelled from town to town through the United States in quest of his enemies. Aylward and Johnston had been engaged in throwing light tufts of grass into the air to gauge the wind force, and a hoarse whisper passed down the ranks from the file-leaders to the men, with scraps of advice and admonition. "Do not 
shoot outside the fifteen-score paces," cried Johnston. Have your pistol ready in case we should need it. Gilchrist?"  The student had drawn himself erect. "Yes, sir, it is true," said he. Pray 
don't think it a liberty if I give you a word of friendly warning. '  "I gave it to him, and he read it over very carefully. "'You seem to have made 
a vast impression upon my brother Arthur,' said he; 'and I know that he is a pretty shrewd judge. '  "'Right again. "Don't you think that is an admirable sentiment?"  Dr. "  "No, sir; I believe you mean well by me. The most difficult crime to track is 
the one which is purposeless. Mrs. Oldmore, too; I seem to remember the name. Excuse my 
curiosity, but often in calling upon one friend one finds another. "  He went over to the door, and turning the lock he examined it in his methodical way. I will look after the proofs. Where is Gennaro?  He called me this moment from this window, and I ran with all my speed. You will see that he hath refection, and such a purse of gold as may defray his charges, for indeed it is great honor to any court to have within it so noble and gentle a cavalier. "  Holmes's brow was dark with anxiety. By the way, there does not seem to be any very pressing need for repairs at that end wall. "  The Company had marched to the turn of the road ere Sir Nigel Loring rode out from the gateway, mounted on Pommers, his great black war-horse, whose ponderous footfall on the wooden drawbridge echoed loudly from the gloomy arch which spanned it. There can be no question, my dear Watson, of the value of exercise before breakfast. It is generally 
agreed that, apart from the difference of clocks, there may have been local causes which influenced the action of the poison. The deeds of black Agnes of Dunbar, of Lady Salisbury and of the Countess of Montfort, were still fresh in the public minds. His features became tense and alert. He is in the artillery. You must make a clean 
breast of it, for if you do I hope that I may be of use to you. "  He picked out from his bundle a copy of the local Herefordshire paper, and having turned down the sheet he pointed out the paragraph in which the unfortunate young man had given his own statement of what had occurred. "You must see that this is so, madam. Fairdale 
Hobbs. "  "Ah, yes--a simple matter. See how the brass shines where it is cut. "Who but that cursed brother John. "It is I, McMurdo. I uncovered and louted as I passed thinking that he might be a holy man at his orisons, but he called to me and asked me if I had heard speak of the new indulgence in favor of the Cistercians. I have a note of Mr. "I want to test a 
little theory of mine," said he, pulling on his boots. Rest assured of this, that if all else fail I have always a safeguard here"--drawing a small silver-hilted poniard from her bosom--"which sets me beyond the fear of these vile and blood-stained wretches. We knew your father well, and 
would fain help his son, though we have small cause to love your brother the Socman, who is forever stirring up strife in the county. My God! Was there ever a 
slaughter-house like that ship! Prendergast was like a raging devil, and he picked the soldiers up as if they had been children and threw them overboard alive or dead. Plead with him, Watson. There is no good feeling between us. She cannot wait on the public 
road at this hour. "Well?" she cried, "well?" And then, seeing that there were 
two of us, she gave a cry of hope which sank into a groan as she saw that my companion shook his head and shrugged his shoulders. "Do you not find 
it interesting?"  "To a collector of fairy tales. Do you suppose they don't all talk about you? Where is your dignity?  You, a man who should have been Regius Professor at a great University with a thousand students all revering you. My nets are closing upon him, even as his are upon Sir Henry, and with your help he is already almost at my mercy. There is 
no one else, and no sound could alarm those who are in the farther wing. They cannot interfere 
on the strength of what would appear to them to be a wild suspicion. He had screamed for mercy. 
'Remember, my boy, not one word to your parents about the affair until everything is settled. We will keep it as a little surprise for them. There was one man on her--a landsman. That greeting was, indeed, a frightful outburst of sound, the uproar of the carnivora cage when the step of the bucket-bearing keeper is heard in the distance. Hall Pycroft, whom he had never seen, was about to enter the office upon the Monday morning. "  "My God!" cried our client, "what a blind beetle I have been!"  "Now you see the point about the handwriting. "  "Very good. "Your case is an exceedingly remarkable one, and I shall be happy to look into it. From what 
you have told me I think that it is possible that graver issues hang from it than might at first sight appear. "     

CHAPTER XV  

"Our Eyes have seen Great Wonders"  I write this from day to day, but I trust that before I come to the end of it, I may be able to say that the light shines, at last, through our clouds. "Say rather ten acres and a homestead on the banks of Avon. "  "Nay, nay, your head I can see is still totty, and i' faith little head would you have, had your bassinet not stood your friend. If the man is caught, 
it will be _on account_ of their exertions; if he escapes, it will be _in spite_ of their exertions. "  "What became of him?"  "He seems to have broken through the shrubbery and made for the road. "  "Yes. He was a man of huge stature, dark-eyed and red-headed, with a peculiar half-humorous, half-defiant expression upon his bold, well-marked features. If you will have the kindness to hold the lamp for me, we shall now extend our researches to the room above,--the secret room in which the treasure was found. "I am the wife of Sir 
Eustace Brackenstall. My master has heard that there is jousting here, and prospect of honorable advancement, so he has come to ask that some English cavalier will vouchsafe for the love of his lady to run a course with sharpened lances with him, or to meet him with sword, mace, battle-axe, or dagger. As he threw the door open an old woman ran out in front 
of him and tried to bar his passage, but he thrust her back, and an instant afterwards we were all upon the stairs. Allen, a buxom and cheerful person, 
who relieved the lady of some of her household cares. The housekeeper's room was rather nearer to the front of the house than the pantry in which Ames had been working. It's all bosh. I should like to have a quiet hour by myself to make up my mind. It was nine feet in length. I had no part in it, sir. I loathe and fear him more than 
I can say. The matter is a perfectly trivial one"--he jerked his thumb in the direction of the old hat--"but there are points in connection with it which are not entirely devoid of interest and even of instruction. Jones turned our search-light upon her, so that we could plainly see the figures upon her deck. I'll make it as short as I can. "  "Dear me!"  His black moustache lifted and a white fang twinkled in a sneer. Not one word did she say, but as she vanished amid the trees she half turned in her saddle and waved a last greeting. "It's no use. "I think we can leave the 
tidying up to them. When I said that you stimulated me I meant, to be frank, that in noting your fallacies I was occasionally guided towards the truth. So I 
stayed to look after it. For Sir Alleyne Edricson and for his beautiful bride 
the future had also naught but what was good. The next the whole frame collapsed again, and Holmes had gone as quickly as he had come. Let us slip out and see what we can see. "  "The same with savages," said Lord John, cutting away at the beef. One thing only was clear. "'From the beginning there was really nothing to prevent us 
from taking possession of the ship. The crew were a set of ruffians, specially picked for the job. Pycroft, if you will have the kindness to step out for the 
police. "     Adventure IV. "  "By thinking so you become worthy. "'E bit the 'ousekeeper," said he in a 
hoarse whisper. "Bit her?"  "Yes, sir. Bit 'er on the leg. I saw 'er with my own eyes startin' a marathon from the 'all-door. If he had seen it, it would have gone hard with me. A quarter of the treasure shall be yours. "'My name,' said he, 'is Mr. Duncan Ross, and 
I am myself one of the pensioners upon the fund left by our noble benefactor. There you must 
stay, or you lose your billet. Fortunately, there is one man in England who knows all about it, 
and I have made arrangements by which we shall hear the facts this afternoon from his own lips. Ah! he is a little before his time. "  As he spoke, a woman's shrill scream--a scream which vibrated with a frenzy of horror--burst from the thick, green clump of bushes in front of us. The one is whether any crime has been committed at all; the second is, what is the crime and how was it committed? Of course, if Dr. In these cases, save for one rather intricate 
matter which has been referred to me from Marseilles, there is nothing which presents any features of interest. De Borhunte was up in the east, and Sir John de Montague in the west. Sir Luke de Ponynges, Sir Thomas West, Sir Maurice de Bruin, Sir Arthur Lipscombe, Sir Walter Ramsey, and stout Sir Oliver Buttesthorn were all marching south with levies from Andover, Arlesford, Odiham and Winchester, while from Sussex came Sir John Clinton, Sir Thomas Cheyne, and Sir John Fallislee, with a troop of picked men-at-arms, making for their port at Southampton. Alleyne sprang in 
front of the Norman, but his sword was shattered and he himself beaten to the ground by a second blow from the ponderous weapon. Swiftly as he went, however, he could not 
escape the curse of the four blessed evangelists which the mendicant howled behind him. So 
dreadful are his execrations that the frightened lad thrust his fingers into his ear-holes, and ran until the fellow was but a brown smirch upon the yellow road. Often I had to lose sight of it on account of the tangled brush-wood, but I was always within earshot of its tinkle and splash. Petty thefts, wanton assaults, 
purposeless outrage--to the man who held the clue all could be worked into one connected whole. To the scientific student of the higher criminal world, no capital in Europe offered the advantages which London then possessed. No, no, we shall all be 
justified when we see the tenants of High Gable at the next Guildford Assizes. You must take your chance. "Get behind him, Watson! Don't let him out! Now, sir, let us 
see the contents of that notebook. "What, sir! Oh, Heaven bless you!"  "No more words. Get out!"  And no more words were needed. I have the other two. It is but right, perhaps, that I should carry on the tale and show also the results. He then 
fastened his end of the rope to the package of supplies which had been carried up, and we were able to drag it across. 
Footmarks of both men could be made out on the carpet, but none of any third person, which again is a trick for the other side. They were piling up their score all the time and we were at a standstill. Here he kept his wife imprisoned in her room while he, disguised in a beard, followed Dr. Behind him his serving wench, her blue whimple over her head, and one hand thrust forth to bear the lanthorn which threw a golden bar of light along her master's path. It had been deserted when I left it, but now I saw a cyclist riding down it from the opposite direction to that in which I had come. Bartholomew Sholto's chemical 
laboratory. As far as we can learn, no actual traces of violence were found upon Mr. I did not gain very much, 
however, by my inspection. Carruthers, who seemed interested in what I said, and told me that he had ordered a horse and trap, so that in future I should not pass over these lonely roads without some companion. We are thrown rather together. I spotted that harpoon upon the 
wall, and I thought I might need it before I was through. Here we are. Alleyne could see the smoke of 
their forges reeking up in the clear morning air. Look where he would, he seemed to see nothing but injustice and violence and the hardness of man to man. But even as he brooded sadly over it and pined for the sweet peace of the Abbey, he came on an open space dotted with holly bushes, where was the strangest sight that he had yet chanced upon. "  "Or that Mrs. You remember Hilton Cubitt, of the dancing men? He was to reach Liverpool Street at one-twenty. How say you, sire?" he asked, turning to the Spanish refugee, while the herald of Navarre was conducted from the chamber by the old warrior. "  MacDonald shook his obstinate Scotch head. Thaddeus Sholto looked about him in 
a perplexed and helpless manner. He and the housekeeper, Mrs. His face was thin 
and brown and crafty, with a perpetual smile upon it, which showed an irregular line of yellow teeth, and his crinkled hands were half closed in a way that is distinctive of sailors. There 
was not an officer in the fleet to touch him. "Holmes!" I exclaimed. "Can't you hear me, Holmes?"  There was a 
rustling, as if he had shaken the sick man roughly by the shoulder. "  "I guess you'll pay for this, Captain Marvin," said McGinty. I remember that 
the white one was worn to a stump. "  "We have thought of that. "I do but ask the loan of it. "  "No, no, my dear sir; such a course is utterly impossible. Look at it in this light. Captain Morstan disappears. The only person in London whom he could have visited is Major Sholto. A deal table ran down the centre, with a wooden wine-pitcher upon it and two horn cups. Simpson beat out the 
trainer's brains with his heavy stick without receiving any injury from the small knife which Straker used in self-defence, and then the thief either led the horse on to some secret hiding-place, or else it may have bolted during the struggle, and be now wandering out on the moors. Once in the hollow, he had got behind the horse and had struck a light; but the creature frightened at the sudden glare, and with the strange instinct of animals feeling that some mischief was intended, had lashed out, and the steel shoe had struck Straker full on the forehead. Gradually the leaves 
thinned around me, and I was aware, from the wind upon my face, that I had topped all the trees of the forest. I was determined, however, not to look about me before I had reached the very highest point, so I scrambled on until I had got so far that the topmost branch was bending beneath my weight. When I came to I 
found that it was still bleeding, so I tied one end of my handkerchief very tightly round the wrist and braced it up with a twig. "The problem presents 
features of interest," said he. "We don't know who or what may be near us. For myself I care not a denier, though it is a poor thing to meet one's end at the hands of such scum; but I have my dear lady here, who must by no means be risked. Then she threw her arms around him. For a minute or more the hand, with its writhing fingers, protruded out of the floor. Tell your beads, 
father, and con your psalter, but do not come between me and those whom the king has given to me!"  "God help them!" cried the old priest. "  "He can't object to my worldly position, so it must be myself that he has this down on. He made no allusion to the affair, however, until one afternoon a fortnight or so later. This morning, being an early riser, he walked in that direction before breakfast and was overtaken by the carriage of Dr. That was 
the reason of his going. Then, horrified by what he had done, he fled out of the hut, dropping the notebook which he had brought with him in order to question Peter Carey about these different securities. Some distance down it I picked up my gun, 
and shortly afterwards struck the brook which was my guide. Having described the genesis of their journey, 
and paid a handsome tribute to his friend Professor Challenger, coupled with an apology for the incredulity with which his assertions, now fully vindicated, had been received, he gave the actual course of their journey, carefully withholding such information as would aid the public in any attempt to locate this remarkable plateau. Just before nine o'clock 
Sherlock Holmes stepped briskly into the room. "  He led the way into his bedroom, which was large and comfortably furnished. "The last link," he cried, exultantly. I had my enemies within my power. And, first, as to how it came here. Her face was 
large and square and red, with fierce, thick brows, and the eyes of one who was accustomed to rule. I had raised my 
hat and was about to make some explanatory remark when her own words turned all my thoughts into a new channel. Some woman came talking something or other about Lord St. Memory, at least, will never 
fail me, for so long as the breath of life is in me, every hour and every action of that period will stand out as hard and clear as do the first strange happenings of our childhood. No new impressions could efface those which are so deeply cut. "  "I agree with you," said the younger statesman. I have a large correspondence. 
It is true that I had thrown a light upon the fate of Brunton, but now I had to ascertain how that fate had come upon him, and what part had been played in the matter by the woman who had disappeared. A spasm of pain contorted his features; he threw his hands out in front of him, staggered, and then, with a hoarse cry, fell heavily upon the floor. We were 
walking slowly towards these rocks, among bushes which reached over our waists, when we became aware of a strange low gabbling and whistling sound, which filled the air with a constant clamor and appeared to come from some spot immediately before us. "  "No, no, surely not!"  "Fool that I was to hold my hand. Let me see; you have given me your promise that my confidence will be respected?  That confidence, I may say, will be far from complete. "  The lad continued his work without regarding us. "  "Dear me! I must have a look at the matter. "  "When do the servants go to bed?"  "About ten. It was the first announcement in the "Found" column. He had evidently heard some suspicious sounds, and he came prepared for such a scene as he found. So much 
the woman was able to tell me, and also that it was a wonder the man lived, seeing how twisted he was, and that he spoke in a strange tongue sometimes, and that for the last two nights she had heard him groaning and weeping in his bedroom. In spite of 
the danger from dinosaurs (which is not great save at night, for, as I may have said before, they are mostly nocturnal in their habits) I have twice in the last three weeks been over to our old camp in order to see our negro who still kept watch and ward below the cliff. '  "'For how long, may I ask, do you want this sum?' I asked. It's the big white 
one over yonder. Yes, my dear fellow, you may laugh, but I give you my word that I shall be very glad to have you back safe and sound in Baker Street once more. "  "It sounds plausible. It is, as you are probably aware, only a fuller and more detailed version of the account which appeared in the Monday edition of the Daily Gazette--an account which has been universally admitted to be the greatest journalistic scoop of all time, which sold no fewer than three-and-a-half million copies of the paper. It was a stone-flagged room upon the second floor, with a bed in a recess for him, and two smaller pallets on the other side, on which Aylward and Hordle John were already snoring. "Never mind, my friends," said the indomitable Challenger. It is most improper--most outrageous. CHAPTER V. HOW SIR NIGEL LORING PUT A PATCH 
UPON HIS EYE. The first was empty, but at the head of the second stood a peasant sentry, who started off at the sight of them, yelling loudly to his comrades. Holmes tossed them all impatiently aside. To my horror I perceived that the yellow blossoms were all dabbled with crimson. My first 
impulse was to tell Sir Henry all my plans. It was a wild night. "  "You have it, then?"  Here at last was tangible corroboration. "I have thrown 
several of you out of the house. "  He took from his pocket the various slips of the dancing men. "Exactly, my 
dear Watson. Your reflection, though profound, had already crossed my mind. His footmarks had pressed right through the snow, so long had he stood there. Then, having left the door open behind him, he was leading the horse away over the moor, when he was either met or overtaken by the trainer. Before leaving it we carefully 
marked our little hiding-place among the brush-wood and its bearing to Fort Challenger, that we might find it again if we needed it. I speak freely, and I 
leave the use of my material to your own discretion, Mr. I was frightened of the house, 
of the man, of the woman, of the servants, even of the child. "  "I will tell you, then, in a few words the character of the three men who inhabit these rooms. And now we must be silent and wait. Now and again, however, it chanced that even when he erred, the truth was still discovered. That ain't what you might call old-fashioned 
'ospitality, is it now?  Just you read it for yourself. "  There was a dead silence in the room. What a charming, old-fashioned room! Perhaps you will kindly wait a minute, until I have examined the floor. How does it appeal to you?"  "Anything--anywhere--I care nothing. How a Strange Company Gathered at the 
"Pied Merlin" VI. "My eye caught the name of Openshaw, and the heading 'Tragedy Near Waterloo Bridge. "Do you tell me that during these long ten weeks of agony the stolen papers were within the very room with me all the time?"  "So it was. Is that a place where a shepherd would be likely to take his 
station? Your suggestion, sir, is a most absurd one. Before I got down the stair, I'd 
have seen anyone in the passage. We slunk through the bushes in silence until we came to the very edge of the cliff, close to the old camp. As Holmes turned up the lamp the light fell upon a card on the table. "'When did it 
happen, doctor?' asked Trevor. When I was a lad I worked out every tree and building in the estate. "That was how Enoch Drebber came to 
his end. I had noticed for some time that when Gorgiano came to us, as he constantly did, in the evening, he spoke much to me; and even when his words were to my husband those terrible, glaring, wild-beast eyes of his were always turned upon me. What chance have you against a dozen of them, with Boss McGinty and all the power of the lodge behind them?"  McMurdo disengaged her hands, kissed her, and gently pushed her back into a chair. "  "And you, Challenger?"  "I will assuredly co-operate. "Which weapon hath the vantage now?" cried the 
Brabanter, strutting proudly about with shouldered arbalest, amid the applause of his companions. "It is cocaine," he said,--"a seven-per-cent. solution. Would you 
care to try it?"  "No, indeed," I answered, brusquely. He balanced the watch in his hand, gazed 
hard at the dial, opened the back, and examined the works, first with his naked eyes and then with a powerful convex lens. "Here," said he, pointing to the 
picture of an extraordinary flying monster, "is an excellent reproduction of the dimorphodon, or pterodactyl, a flying reptile of the Jurassic period. On the next page is a diagram of the mechanism of its wing. I have no doubt that the house 
might have been purchased at the price which Holmes paid for his rooms during the years that I was with him. Cartwright had come down with me, and in his disguise as a country boy he was of great assistance to me. I was dependent upon him for food and clean linen. "  "Really! You surprise me. "Sir, I cannot find words to thank you, but you shall not find me ungrateful for what you have done. "  The American, a quiet, businesslike young man, with a clean-shaven, hatchet face, flushed up at the words of commendation. HTML version by Al 
Haines. The Adventure of the Bruce-Partington Plans   By  Sir Arthur Conan Doyle     In the third week of November, in the year 1895, a dense yellow fog settled down upon London. But Barker's story is corroborated by Mrs. Holmes, that you had never met Professor Moriarty. "  Holmes smoked for some time in silence. It is no doubt a privilege to hear two 
such brains discuss the highest questions; but as they are in perpetual disagreement, plain folk like Lord John and I get little that is positive from the exhibition. You will find me beside the flagstaff upon Miller Hill. 
Leaving your door just as day was breaking, you filled your pocket with some reddish gravel that was lying heaped beside your gate. He was sitting up in bed, horribly agitated, for he had heard enough to convince him that something terrible had occurred. Well, as he says, we must each try our own way and see what comes of it. By the way, it is not 
eight o'clock, and a Wagner night at Covent Garden!  If we hurry, we might be in time for the second act. He was stiff and cold, and had clearly been dead many hours. We brought him along to the cells, and his 
box as well, for we thought there might be something incriminating; but, bar a big sharp knife such as most sailors have, we got nothing for our trouble. Barclay, who 
died the other day, was sergeant in the same company as myself, and the belle of the regiment, ay, and the finest girl that ever had the breath of life between her lips, was Nancy Devoy, the daughter of the color-sergeant. "Having gathered 
these facts, Watson, I smoked several pipes over them, trying to separate those which were crucial from others which were merely incidental. I telegraphed to the head of the police at Cleveland, limiting my enquiry to the circumstances connected with the marriage of Enoch Drebber. There was 
nothing else save the five dried pips. Cheer up, Watson, for I am very sure that our material has not yet all come to hand. When it 
does we may soon leave our difficulties behind us. A good shoot for you also, 
John! The villain hath fallen forward into the fire. But if he gained favour with his fellows, there 
was another quarter, one which had become even more vital to him, in which he lost it. "  "A setback?"  "Yes, Mr. "And shall again, camarade, I doubt not. "  "It was very superficial, my dear Watson, I assure you. Windibank, your 
stepfather, returned to France?"  "Mr. "Oh, it won't do--really it won't," said Holmes suavely. Holmes--nothing 
very particular. "  "Then tell me about it. His appearance had changed for the worse during the few hours that I had been with him. It is a lonely corner, and there is no house within a quarter of a mile of the spot. "  Accordingly, in spite of many grumbles and remonstrances from Summerlee, I ordered an additional tube, which was placed with the other in his motor-car, for he had offered me a lift to Victoria. "Tut, tut!  What is it?"  "Do you think, Sir, that you could possibly send me on some mission for the paper?  I would do my best to put it through and get you some good copy. "This case of yours, Mr. It is strange that in one twelve hours the Abbey should have cast off its foulest weed and should now lose what we are fain to look upon as our choicest blossom. She has a remarkably thick nose, with eyes which are set close upon either side of it. "'Ah, Jack,' she said, 'I have just been in to see if I can be of any assistance to our new neighbors. Strong as I look, there is a weak place in my 
heart, and it does not take much to knock me over. I don't know how you manage this, Mr. From now  
onwards you devote your energies to getting us out of this horrible country and back once more to civilization. Then from the table he took a platter heaped 
with small pieces of charred bone. "'It would be injustice to hesitate,' said he. There were many 
of us who were glad enough to win back our freedom, and yet who had no wish to have murder on our souls. "  "If he was his confederate, why should he carry his photograph?" I asked. "  "Yes, at the mines. "Indeed, I should have thought a little more. "There's 
business here that wants a Solomon in judgment to set it right. ' It was prophetic. Number one hundred and twenty-seven is 'Government'; which at least makes sense, though somewhat irrelevant to ourselves and Professor Moriarty. ' Ha! Ha! Capital! Put that down, Watson. "'But how can we gain your freedom?  You 
know very well that you ask an impossibility. 'Let the high God judge between us. '  "'I can promise you the one, but not the other,' he snarled, and so turned his rounded back upon me, and went peering and blinking out of the room. Cathedrals and churches full to overflowing. The dead outnumber the living. These are the documents in the extraordinary case of the Gloria Scott, and this is the message which struck Justice of the Peace Trevor dead with horror when he read it. His window was open, and there is a stout ivy plant leading to the ground. He receives these wares not only from treacherous valets or maids, but frequently from genteel ruffians, who have gained the confidence and affection of trusting women. The others, what are they?"  "They are holy men," Alleyne answered gravely. That, or part of it, belonged rightfully to Miss Morstan. "  "And you can do nothing until then?"  "Nothing. Then he fixed the yew-stave of his bow upon end and measured the long, thin, black line which it threw upon the turf. "A touch, Watson--an undeniable 
touch!" said he. I confess that I never imagined that the effect could be so sudden and so severe. The giant hound was dead. How's that?"  "On which the dead man very considerately got up and locked the door on the inside. "She was next of kin, no doubt, and you were aware that the old 
fellow would make no will. "I doubt if we shall catch her. McMurdo was down on his 
knees before her in an instant. "Good for you, Brother Baldwin," he said. 
Probably he handed it to some sailor customer of his, who forgot all about it for some days. It must have lasted 
for some time, for it was then that these cigars were smoked. "So I joined your infernal lodge, and I took my 
share in your councils. "But it is to thy grosser feelings that we must turn in such natures as thine, and as thou art no longer under the shield of holy church there is the less difficulty. A burly Sussex policeman and I had found it no light job. "For my part," said Sir Simon Burley, "I am of opinion that we have already done that which we have come for. Joseph Harrison is my name, and as Percy is to marry my sister Annie I shall at least be a relation by marriage. "  "Patience, my friend, patience! You will find in time that it has everything to do with it. "  "What time was it?"  "It was just growing dusk at the time. "That's the result of all our Study in 
Scarlet: to get them a testimonial!"  "Never mind," I answered, "I have all the facts in my journal, and the public shall know them. You're in her dog-cart. You ought to know where she is. "  "Why, what do you mean?"  For answer Holmes pushed back the frill of black lace which fringed the hand that lay upon our visitor's knee. These three glasses upon 
the sideboard have been untouched, I suppose?"  "Yes, and the bottle stands as they left it. The man was an intermittent drunkard, and when he had the fit on him he was a perfect fiend. So _distrait_ was he and so random his answers, that the woodman took to whistling, and soon branched off upon the track to Burley, leaving Alleyne upon the main Christchurch road. "  "And are you prepared to meet the cost?"  "I have no doubt, sir, that my friend Godfrey, when we find him, will be prepared to do that. "13, Duncan Street, Houndsditch. A weary way from here. ' 
That is the clue which they are already following, Mr. "'But it was you who broke her 
innocent heart,' I shrieked, thrusting the box before him. "'Which way did the woman go?' I cried. "'I don't know, 
sir. Melas,' said he. 'You perceive that we have taken you into our confidence over some very private business. He ran as far as the corner, and then, seeing my cab, he hailed me and jumped in. He faced me 
presently with what looked like a very tattered sketch-book in his hand. On reaching the Manor House, the sergeant 
had found the drawbridge down, the windows lighted up, and the whole household in a state of wild confusion and alarm. Holmes had missed him in London. "  "Proceed," said my friend. "Did the stable-boy, when he ran out with the dog, leave the door unlocked behind him?"  "Excellent, Watson, excellent!" murmured my companion. "  "A monkey, then?"  "But it is not the print of a monkey. "It is quite six years since Douglas left California. '"  "Nay," answered Sir Nigel, "I cannot go until I have seen more of this person, for he appears to be a man from whom much is to be hoped. He drew a 
sovereign from his pocket and threw it down upon the slab, turning away with the air of a man whose disgust is too deep for words. It swelled up louder and louder, a hoarse yell of pain and fear and anger all mingled in the one dreadful shriek. Do you remember the case, Gregson?"  "No, sir. Every minute seems an hour while I live in this state of horrible suspense. Every 
stave well nocked. It was certain from the first, however, that they would eventually be detected, as the cook, from the evidence of one or two tradespeople who have caught a glimpse of him through the window, was a man of most remarkable appearance--being a huge and hideous mulatto, with yellowish features of a pronounced negroid type. They say that away down 
in the village, and even in the distant parsonage, that cry raised the sleepers from their beds. Barclay has always, I understand, been as popular with the ladies of the regiment as her husband was with his brother officers. She was never, as I 
think I have said, ostentatiously affectionate, but she was heard by the coachman chatting with the Colonel in a friendly fashion. The maid carried a 
lantern with her, as it was very dark and the path ran across the open moor. When a man is afoot at 
cock-crow much may be done in the day. For once he dug in vain into that mine of varied information. So conscious was the manager of the responsibility which devolved upon him in consequence of the great interests at stake that safes of the very latest construction have been employed, and an armed watchman has been left day and night in the building. Who would have believed it possible?  But I feel very much fresher, and ready for my fate--or try to persuade myself that I am. "  "Nigh upon ten thousand," said one of the young men; "we are the persecuted children of God--the chosen of the Angel Merona. "There's nothing to be learned by staring at it. ' It was prophetic. '  "'I shall come down in a carriage to meet you. If you leave, you forfeit your 
whole position forever. You want me to tell the story. Ma foi! they are about to loose her. Shoot, mes garcons, or you will be too late. "  The throng of pirates had cleared away from the great wooden catapult, leaving two of their number to discharge it. "I believe in hard work and not in sitting by the fire spinning fine theories. When I gave 
you this envelope I must confess that I had never intended that you should open it, for it had been my fixed intention to be with you before the hour. A few months ago we were in hopes that he was about to settle down again for he became engaged to Rachel Howells, our second house-maid; but he has thrown her over since then and taken up with Janet Tregellis, the daughter of the head game-keeper. This, there could be no question, was the same that had contained the ill-omened treasure of the Sholtos. Heidegger's tires were Palmer's, leaving longitudinal stripes. Aveling, the mathematical master, was sure upon the point. Therefore, it is not Heidegger's track. Surely that is evident. It struck me, however, as being the 
one which was most likely to interest that exceedingly unpleasant old person. "  "Nay, my fair lord," said Alleyne, "these are not horses and a squire, but mules and a varlet. "  "And over here is what appears to be the fragment of a hotel bill, which interests me deeply. "Now, Mr. "  "It is straight enough. "This is indeed important," said he. "  "Who is he?" asked Mycroft eagerly. "What do you make of it yourself?"  "Well, I don't profess to understand it yet. Reuben Hayes," said Holmes, 
coolly, "one might think that you were afraid of our finding something out. "Who are you, and how do you get my 
name so pat?" the countryman answered, with a suspicious flash of a pair of cunning eyes. "What are you 
loitering there for?"  There was no answer; but the lad Andrews stepped forward and shot him in the stomach. But what end?  There is the great standing perennial problem to which human reason is as far from an answer as ever. "  "And next day?"  "By my faith! we did not tarry long, but we hied back to Bordeaux, where we came in safety with the King of France and also the feather-bed. You may spare me this out of the weary miles that you will journey along. "  "I must wait and hear his opinion, Holmes. "But women were few, and there were many who had better claims than I. I've heard it once 
or twice before, but never quite so loud. "  "Tell me about him. "If he were safely out of the country it would relieve the tax-payer of a burden. "  "Easier for me to throw, and easier for you to recover," he answered, with a shrewd, sidelong look. "  "Quite so. "  "And for present expenses?"  The King took a heavy chamois leather bag from under his cloak and laid it on the table. "You will, I am sure, forgive anything that may be 
wanting in our arrangements, when you consider the blow which has come so suddenly upon us. "You are talking insanely. "I cannot see how such a message 
as this could inspire horror. "  "You remember the Baker Street division of the detective police force whom I employed in the Jefferson Hope case?"  "Well," said I, laughing. "And I can see men-at-arms in yonder boats which ply betwixt the vessel and the shore. "By my hilt! lads," cried Aylward, jumping upon the fallen trunk, "I think that we could not look the girls in the eyes if we let the prince cross the mountains and did not pull string to clear a path for him. "They have sunk together like a stone. They must have thought that there was some chance of their being followed, for they would never go out alone, and never after nightfall. I am pleased to think that I shall be able to free society from any further effects of his presence, though I fear that it is at a cost which will give pain to my friends, and especially, my dear Watson, to you. The thought was in my head as I turned into my own street, and at that moment a cab passed me, and there she was, sitting by the side of Fairbairn, the two chatting and laughing, with never a thought for me as I stood watching them from the footpath. The dead man lay on his back, sprawling with 
outstretched limbs in the centre of the room. "  "What an extraordinary assortment!" I exclaimed. "  "This has been done," said I, examining the wound, "by a very heavy and sharp instrument. Obviously something had occurred during the morning, then, to cause her to change her mind. What could that something be? She could not have spoken to anyone when she was out, for she had been in the company of the bridegroom. We saw many small 
animals, such as porcupines, a scaly ant-eater, and a wild pig, piebald in color and with long curved tusks. We have, of course, 
wired to the Belfast post-office, but a large number of parcels were handed in upon that day, and they have no means of identifying this particular one, or of remembering the sender. "  "Every minute she gets stronger," said Holmes, glancing at the governess. "  "We must ask about this right away. "My name's Jack McMurdo--see? If you want me, you'll find me at Jacob Shafter's on Sheridan Street, Vermissa; so I'm not hiding from you, am I? Day or night I dare to look the like of you in the face--don't make any mistake about that!"  There was a murmur of sympathy and admiration from the miners at the dauntless demeanour of the newcomer, while the two policemen shrugged their shoulders and renewed a conversation between themselves. If our door were in the hands of the Sepoys the place must fall, and the women and children be treated as they were in Cawnpore. For an hour I sat pondering over it in the gloom, until at last a weeping maid brought in a lamp, and close at her heels came my friend Trevor, pale but composed, with these very papers which lie upon my knee held in his grasp. Then at last, amid a shout of joy and praise from the bank, they slowly drew clear into more stagnant water, at the instant that a rope, made of a dozen sword-belts linked together by the buckles, was thrown by Ford into their very hands. I whipped up the mare and we were there under the ten minutes. He fired and missed me. "'How has all gone with you 
Musgrave?' I asked, after we had cordially shaken hands. "'Most admirably. '  "'I say a night's work, but an hour's would be nearer the mark. ' 'P,' of 
course, stands for 'Papier. '  "'What do you call purely nominal?'  "'Well, you have to be in the office, or at least in the building, the whole time. '  "'Right again. This is only where we compress it. But I must away to lay down 
the beds. So far as I am concerned, I regret nothing and I fear nothing, and I would do it all again and be proud of the job. What was I, an army surgeon with a weak leg and a weaker banking-account, that I should dare to think of such things?  She was a unit, a factor,--nothing more. "  "Singular, no doubt--and yet he did so. I was inclined to think at one time 
that he knew who had done it and was screening him or her, but I am convinced now that he is as puzzled as everyone else. It was quarter to ten. My mind had 
been too much excited by all that had occurred, and the strangest fancies and surmises crowded into it. I felt that years of the conventionalities of life could not teach me to know her sweet, brave nature as had this one day of strange experiences. "  I nursed my eye and was silent. He went from his dressing room, and I did not 
hear him go. A broad wheal from an old scar ran right across it from eye to chin, and by its contraction had turned up one side of the upper lip, so that three teeth were exposed in a perpetual snarl. Indeed, it became evident to us as soon as we had taken our seats that a youthful and even boyish spirit was abroad in the gallery and the back portions of the hall. "  "No doubt. "I declare to you, Challenger, that I never wish to hear of football or of buffaloes so long as I live. I can ill afford to lose another. 
My name figures in no newspaper. I alone know the absolute truth of the matter, and I am satisfied that the time has come when no good purpose is to be served by its suppression. One evening, 
after the child was in bed, I began to amuse myself by examining the furniture of my room and by rearranging my own little things. I believe that he would have come all the way had it not been that Dr. I asked him whether the name of Abe Slaney was known to him. He was very like the chap I had seen the night before, the same figure and voice, but he was clean shaven and his hair was lighter. Is Susan, the maid, there? Could anyone have got away through that door after the time that you heard the cry, Susan?"  "No sir, it is impossible. "If I have it," said she, "I owe it to you. I am 
close on the track of the Sholto gang. "  "Why is he silent, then, if he is innocent?"  "Who knows? Perhaps because he was so angry that you should suspect him. "Why, that makes it as clear as crystal," said the inspector. 
"It's Mr. "Just see how it glints and sparkles. I don't think I'd begin with Mike Scanlan or 
his gang if I were you. I waited until he had passed out of sight and then I followed him. Holmes, you know the 
people who live under my roof, and I shall continue with my miserable story. He is taller than the Indian, not so tall as Gilchrist. Late in the evening, he went down to his own hut. They spent a hilarious night, without an anxious thought as to the ordeal of the morning. At two in the morning Drebber had been found in the Brixton Road. On the edge of a jutting pinnacle, three or four hundred feet above him, there stood a creature somewhat resembling a sheep in appearance, but armed with a pair of gigantic horns. The white-faced servants were huddling together in the hall, with the frightened butler wringing his hands in the doorway. It may 
have been taken from him. An invisible hand seemed to have quietly closed round my throat and to be gently pressing the life from me. It was evidently of great weight, and was slowly carried forward and placed in front of the Professor's chair. He in turn had friends among the indoor servants who unite in their fear and dislike of their master. Tonga thought he had done something very clever in killing him, for when I came up by the rope I found him strutting about as proud as a peacock. "I don't know that 
I have anything else to tell you. "  "A sort of volcanic pit, was it not?"  "Exactly," said I. "  "You can at least tell me whether my own thought is correct, and if she died from some sudden fright. My submission pleased him and led him to further confidences. I had risen from my 
seat and was knocking out the ashes of my pipe when I suddenly heard the clang of the bell. Holmes. "So 
far we are justified," said he. "Has this gentleman gone, then?"  "Yes, sir. "  "Didn't you ask him in?"  "Yes, sir; he came in. I have seldom felt so happy as when I got your wire asking me to meet you at Harwich with the car. Now order the ranks, and fling wide the banners, for our souls are God's and our bodies the king's, and our swords for Saint George and for England!"  Sir Nigel had scarcely spoken when the mist seemed to thin in the valley, and to shred away into long ragged clouds which trailed from the edges of the cliffs. There was such a ring of conviction in his voice that 
I glanced up in surprise. No argument or persuasion could ever induce him to set up a female establishment after the manner of his companions. He never gave reasons for this persistent refusal, but contented himself by resolutely and inflexibly adhering to his determination. I asked him what was the matter. "  "You must try round and get on a fresh scent, I fancy," said the son with a rather malicious smile. "Or, again, one might seize the other round the middle, pluck him off his horse and bear him to the pavilion, there to hold him to ransom. "  "Good!" cried Simon, amid a roar of laughter from all the archers round. Good Lord, man! you're a fool not to have been down to the Union House and registered your name the first morning after you came here! If you run against him--well, you mustn't, that's all!"  McMurdo showed mild surprise. Three--a full piece of white Genoan velvet with twelve ells of purple silk. Thou rascal, there is dirt on the hem! Thou hast brushed it against some wall, coquin!"  "Not I, most worthy sir," cried the carrier, shrinking away from the fierce eyes of the bowman. "  The sentence appeared a terrible one to the older monks, who had become so used to the safe and regular life of the Abbey that they would have been as helpless as children in the outer world. And it looks out on an angle 
of the courtyard so as to be partly invisible. "  "What! you don't mean to say--?"  "That's just what I do mean to say. Excuse me a moment, and I may be able to 
give you some further information about it. "  He went over to the door, and turning the lock he examined it in his methodical way. "13, Duncan Street, Houndsditch. A weary way from here. There 
must have been several in it, and they must have been men of resource and determination. Of course I knew better, but I could prove nothing. It may be that as it stands further from me I may think of it, and even speak of it, with less emotion. Big John stood waiting in the centre with a sullen, 
menacing eye, and his red hair in a bristle, while the archer paced lightly and swiftly to the right and the left with crooked knee and hands advanced. Then with a sudden dash, so swift and fierce that the eye could scarce follow it, he flew in upon his man and locked his leg round him. I've been making a few independent inquiries, you see. "  "This is a very serious matter, Small," said the detective. "  "Are you, indeed, now?" cried Lestrade with some bitterness. You see, it isn't 
like any ordinary convict. He came over to call upon Baskerville on that first day, and 
the very next morning he took us both to show us the spot where the legend of the wicked Hugo is supposed to have had its origin. For a month he was in and out of my house, and never once did it cross my mind that harm might come of his soft, tricky ways. The floor was covered thickly with the 
prints of a naked foot,--clear, well defined, perfectly formed, but scarce half the size of those of an ordinary man. And this not so much for the sake of his reputation--for, indeed, it was when he was at his wits' end that his energy and his versatility were most admirable--but because where he failed it happened too often that no one else succeeded, and that the tale was left forever without a conclusion. Sir, 
we have been in the wars together, and I have seen many a brave following but never such a set of woodland boys as this. They do but want you at their head, and who will bar the way to them!"  "Pardieu!" said Sir Nigel, "if they are all like their messenger, they are indeed men of whom a leader may be proud. "What do you think of it, sir?" 
they both asked. "The what?"  "The boodle. They have their own way. They have been identified as her 
clothes, and it seemed to me that if the clothes were there the body would not be far off. Then I looked 
down, and there was the rising blister on my hand where it was frayed by the rope of the city bell. There is a sharp turning of the road, 
and I pedalled very quickly round this, and then I stopped and waited. Well, well, 
it's a very strange business, and I hope that you will let me know if anything comes of your inquiries. "'Jack,' said she, 'when you took my money you said that if ever I wanted any I was to ask you for it. '  "'Certainly,' said I. ' He looked at me and then up at the still quivering bell with an ever-growing astonishment upon his face. '  "'Only that the papers were in the back drawer of the Japanese cabinet. )  "Professor Summerlee's rising was the signal for another extraordinary outbreak of enthusiasm, which broke out again at intervals throughout his address. It is only right, however, since Mr. He heard the rustle and murmur of the people round him, and then the voice of McGinty sounded dull and distant through the covering of his ears. "Nothing of 
interest in the paper, Watson?" he said. "  "Nothing?"  "To tell the truth"--he sank his face into his thin, white hands--"I have felt helpless. That would be obviously impossible. Now come up 
into the garret with me for a moment. But then, again, the Socman of Minstead was no friend to the Constable of Twynham Castle. It is 
painful to have to say these things, but you leave me no choice. The cursed greed which has been my besetting sin through life has withheld from her the treasure, half at least of which should have been hers. "  His Grace sat very stern and upright in his chair and looked stonily at my friend. A Scandal in Bohemia II. I turned him over with my foot, and placed my hand upon his heart. Here it is!"  Holmes held it out to me. Mr. Hilton Cubitt had been shot through the heart. 
THE ADVENTURE OF THE SOLITARY CYCLIST    From the years 1894 to 1901 inclusive, Mr. It seems rather sad that his relatives should allow him to come out alone. No doubt my absence had been noticed. I understood the whole argument of that 
firm, restraining grip--that it was no affair of ours, that justice had overtaken a villain, that we had our own duties and our own objects, which were not to be lost sight of. "Yes," said he, "there is no better way of approaching 
it. The situation is desperate, but not hopeless. In over a thousand cases I am not aware that I 
have ever used my powers upon the wrong side. "Ha! ha!" he cried, clapping his hands, and 
looking as delighted as a child with a new toy. "Come with me, and we will see what is to be made of this fellow. I have a slight headache and this room is deliciously cool and soothing. "  "Anything more about Challenger?"  "Well, I'm a bacteriologist, you know. There were no marks, then, though the 
night was a wet one? The chain of events is certainly one of extraordinary interest. 
"Come, mother," quoth he, "it is not so very perilous a passage. We've seen too much together. But keep off the grass when you get near Challenger, for this young fellah and I have a bit of a weakness for the old dear. There is a strong presumption that the person whom McCarthy expected to meet him at Boscombe Pool was someone who had been in Australia. And from what? A sheep-dog of the moor? Or 
a spectral hound, black, silent, and monstrous? Was there a human agency in the matter? Did the pale, watchful Barrymore know more than he cared to say? It was all dim and vague, but always there is the dark shadow of crime behind it. "  "I expect we've all left some loose ends stickin' out," said Lord John. A 
yellow bar falling across the black foreground showed that the door was not quite closed, and one window in the upper story was brightly illuminated. Her calm pale face, with dim, wide-opened blue eyes, looked upward from amid a great tangle of golden hair. Sherlock Holmes ran her over with one of his quick, all-comprehensive glances. "Mr. Sherlock Holmes, I believe?" said she. Watson, 
who had called at the house with Mr. "  I walked down to the station with them, and then wandered through the streets of the little town, finally returning to the hotel, where I lay upon the sofa and tried to interest myself in a yellow-backed novel. "Indeed, then, you do me injustice there," cried McMurdo. 
"There's business here that wants a Solomon in judgment to set it right. "It's a woman's wedding-ring. "The mire has him. Then, in his last 
breath, he tried to send a message that it was she--the she whom he had just discussed with him. Personally I felt shy and uncomfortable at this obsequious adoration, and I read the same feeling in the faces of Roxton and Summerlee, but Challenger expanded like a flower in the sun. "They may be undeveloped types," 
said he, stroking his beard and looking round at them, "but their deportment in the presence of their superiors might be a lesson to some of our more advanced Europeans. "And there 
they may bide. "  "On the contrary," I answered, "it was only last night that I was looking over my old notes, and classifying some of our past results. "Let me 
consider," he continued. It is the master-shipman's affair. But we must plan what we are to do about Moriarty now. "  "Indeed! Whose, then?"  "Well, I got the two dozen from a salesman in Covent Garden. "  "Yes, sir. Standback?" cried McGinty. "Is it by the police? Sure, half of them are in our pay and half of them afraid of us. Trelawney Hope at home?"  "He will be home, sir, at a quarter to one. "  "That can be done in a very few words, Mr. Holmes, it is difficult for me to 
refuse you anything, for you have been of use to the force once or twice in the past, and we owe you a good turn at Scotland Yard," said Lestrade. William Morris or Mr. "  "And the note?" I asked. "  "Surely your wife knew?"  "No, sir. "  "You traced him through the telegram, no doubt," said Holmes. "The Priory at 
Christchurch was a noble pile, but it was cold and bare, methinks, by one of these, with their frettings, and their carvings, and their traceries, as though some great ivy-plant of stone had curled and wantoned over the walls. We have had 
great good fortune in France, and it hath led to much bobance and camp-fire talk, but I have ever noticed that those who know the most have the least to say about it. Well, having seen the back of Caulfield Gardens, I visited the front and satisfied myself that the bird was indeed flown. "  "And you, Summerlee?"  "I would retire from teaching, and so find time for my final classification of the chalk fossils. "You see," said he, whisking round, and showing one little strip where a line of scattered hairs, like the last survivors in some fatal field, still barely held their own against the fate which had fallen upon their comrades; "these locks need some little oiling and curling, for I doubt not that if you look slantwise at my head, when the light is good, you will yourself perceive that there are places where the hair is sparse. "I'll take particular care that you don't 
club me with your wooden leg, whatever you may have done to the gentleman at the Andaman Isles. I would have 
gone straight up and told him so, only I thought it was but fair to you to take your opinion first. I only quote this as a trivial example of observation 
and inference. We are like to give you some work to do ere you see the downs of Hampshire once more. In five miles we saw no rift or break. Hayes, 
since it was evident that it was impossible to inform the police where he was without telling them also who was the murderer, and I could not see how that murderer could be punished without ruin to my unfortunate James. You asked for frankness, Mr. This central block is made up of the dwelling-rooms, with the kitchen behind and our bedroom above. Lord Mount-James is one of the richest men in England. "I think you have had the escape of your life, 
young fellah my lad. There were twenty who loosed shafts at him, and when the man was afterwards slain it was found that he had taken eighteen through his forearm. The crudest of writers could invent nothing more crude. They may have had some doubt at first as to whether we were really pursuing them, but now as we followed every winding and turning which they took there could no longer be any question about it. They have been cut off with a blunt instrument, which would hardly happen if a student had done it. Let me 
assure them that this little bundle of letters would give more joy than all the candelabra and butter-dishes in London. "  "Nay, I know him not. Holmes. Before our prisoner had recovered his balance 
the door was shut and Holmes standing with his back against it. "  "Very good, sir. It is evidently trying to your nerves. "You brute, George!" she screamed. "I am saved! I am 
saved!"  The reaction of joy was as passionate as his grief had been, and he hugged his recovered gems to his bosom. "  "But what does it all mean?" I asked. "I am very glad to have had your 
opinion, sir," said he. The Greek e with the peculiar top flourish is distinctive. All was in 
keeping with a solemn butler who appeared framed in the pink radiance of a tinted electrical light behind him. Right across the foot of the hill there had sprung up a long wall of struggling horses and stricken men, which ever grew and heightened as fresh squadrons poured on the attack. "But indeed, Sir Claude Latour, it is a great wonder to me that you did not yourself lead these bowmen, for surely they could have found no better leader?"  "None, none, by the Virgin of L'Esparre!" he cried, speaking in the strange, thick Gascon speech which turns every _v_ into a _b_. Lady 
Brackenstall actually SAW the three men drinking, did she not?"  "Yes; she was clear about that. Simon is a myth. The ceremony, as shortly announced in the papers of yesterday, occurred on the previous morning; but it is only now that it has been possible to confirm the strange rumours which have been so persistently floating about. How could I settle the point forever? Obviously the first thing to do was to see the Grimpen postmaster and find whether the test telegram had really been placed in Barrymore's own hands. "The only document found in the pocket of the deceased was a letter from you saying that you would be with him on the night of his death. Thirty paces of rope will be 
enow and to spare. Yet we are in the hands of the Saints. Andrew's who would not have gladly laid down youth, beauty, and all that he possessed to win the fame of this man? For who could be named with Chandos, the stainless knight, the wise councillor, the valiant warrior, the hero of Crecy, of Winchelsea, of Poictiers, of Auray, and of as many other battles as there were years to his life?  "Ha, my little heart of gold!" he cried, darting forward suddenly and throwing his arms round Sir Nigel. Here first, after the meagre fare of Beaulieu and the stinted board of the Lady Loring, Alleyne learned the lengths to which luxury and refinement might be pushed. A short walk brought us to a secluded road fringed with 
pleasant houses, each standing in its own grounds. Evidently the rascal had copied the paper in a great hurry, had broken his pencil, and had been compelled to put a fresh point to it. As I stood in the passage gazing at the sinister door and wondering what secret it might veil, I suddenly heard the sound of steps within the room and saw a shadow pass backward and forward against the little slit of dim light which shone out from under the door. His very person and appearance were such as to strike the attention of the most casual observer. He turned the two best rooms of the first floor into a sitting-room and bedroom for himself. "  "As a matter of fact, he could not," said Soames, "for I entered by the side door. "  "Most daintily so. "In the first place, your Grace, I am bound to tell you that you have placed yourself in a most serious position in the eyes of the law. "  "To some extent," he answered, thoughtfully. Simon, tapping his fingers upon the table. Esq. , of San Francisco, Cal. '  "Mr. 'Main stair, first corridor, seventh right, green baize. '  This is an assignation. The chamber was certainly large, and the way in which my feet sank into the carpet as I stepped across it told me of its richness. Her sharp, steep prow cut through the river-water and sent two rolling waves to right and to left of us. Admiration was, I repeat, the first impression. But 
the second was criticism. A man cannot be condemned for a murder at which he was not present, and which he loathes and abhors as much as you do. No wonder that men went about in fear and trembling, and that even in the heart of the wilderness they dared not whisper the doubts which oppressed them. Presumably 
he at once concealed his cycle among the laurels where it was found, and possibly lurked there himself, with his eye on the house, waiting for Mr. Douglas to come out. Helena. No one knows how accident occurred. Well, we shall see if the inside throws any light upon the matter. "  A small side door led into the whitewashed corridor from which the three bedrooms opened. "To think that I had all that evidence in my hand 
and never knew it! I had intended, however, to go the round of the London opticians. She explained that she was the commissionnaire's wife, who did the charing, and I gave her the order for the coffee. The people at the inn were alert all night, awaiting his coming, and one or other of them seems to have continually had an eye upon the road. I know, also, that they 
were all three away from the ship last night. Musgrave, but not to be cast out before all the folk 
that I know so well. "  "'"You don't deserve much consideration, Brunton," I answered. Our inspection 
was not wasted. "  "I would not give overmuch thought to it," answered Alleyne. But then I remembered the pile of papers and bills with which his study table was littered. Parliament had risen. Everybody was out of town, and I yearned for the glades of the New Forest or the shingle of Southsea. "  "Really! Does it not strike you as a little singular that this McCarthy, who appears to have had little of his own, and to have been under such obligations to Turner, should still talk of marrying his son to Turner's daughter, who is, presumably, heiress to the estate, and that in such a very cocksure manner, as if it were merely a case of a proposal and all else would follow? It is the more strange, since we know that Turner himself was averse to the idea. Standing in the window we saw that his left hand was swathed in a bandage and that his face was very grim and pale. "Your name is very familiar to me, Mr. " Tottering and shaking 
in all his giant frame, he stumbled slowly from the room. I'll tell you what we did as we walk. "There has been murder done, and the murderer was a man. A shipman with St. For a moment I wondered where I could have seen that 
ungainly shape, that arched back with triangular fringes along it, that strange bird-like head held close to the ground. Once only he paused in his patient 
investigation. An instant afterwards he gave a little cry of satisfaction, and, following the direction of his eager eyes, I saw that a hansom cab with a man inside which had halted on the other side of the street was now proceeding slowly onward again. The sight of the safe, the saucer of milk, and the loop of whipcord were enough to finally dispel any doubts which may have remained. "Who can he be?" asked Lord 
John. "What sort of English king is it who cannot lay his tongue to a word of English? You mind last year when he came down to Malwood, with his inner marshal and his outer marshal, his justiciar, his seneschal, and his four and twenty guardsmen. "A little after six. "The moor has been thick with them since this fellow escaped. Max Linder & Co. paid five hundred to be left alone. Walker Brothers sent in a hundred; but I took it on myself to return it and ask for five. If I do not hear by Wednesday, their winding gear may get out of order. Maybe you 
gentlemen think that I am just making out a case for myself, but I give you my word that when I thought of that, though I felt the point of the knife at my throat, I opened my mouth with the intention of giving a scream, if it was my last one, which might alarm the main guard. Here's BRITISH BIRDS, 
and CATULLUS, and THE HOLY WAR--a bargain, every one of them. Look out for me to-morrow, about eleven. Murder at Mawson & 
Williams's. Gigantic attempted Robbery. Capture of the Criminal. ' Here, Watson, we are all equally anxious to hear it, so kindly read it aloud to us. Then, as I 
approached the door, she seized my sleeve and pulled me back with convulsive strength. The Professor, unabashed, seized the nearest Indian by the shoulder and proceeded to lecture upon him as if he were a potted specimen in a class-room. This way, gentlemen, if 
you please. It is vain to look elsewhere for tracks in this dry weather, but at THAT point there is certainly a chance of some record being left. Douglas in London, he being 
at that time a widower. Since Mr. Yet this I will say, that I would see you a 
full knight ere you go to my daughter with words of love. "  "I doubt it not, mon ami," quoth the archer, going back to his tankard. As we advanced together through the woods we found the ape-men lying thick, transfixed with spears or arrows. "  "Excellent!" I cried. Fowler being a persevering man, as a good seaman should be, blockaded the house, and having met you succeeded by certain arguments, metallic or otherwise, in convincing you that your interests were the same as his. "  "That was it, sir. The old man put on a very knowing expression. I start them 
from the day which succeeded that upon which I had established two facts of great importance, the one that Mrs. On that the 
Secretary gave it up as a bad job, and simply bargained with him that if he missed the last train he should rejoin him at Halliday's Private Hotel; to which Drebber answered that he would be back on the platform before eleven, and made his way out of the station. Ryder instantly gave the alarm, and Horner was arrested the same evening; but the stone could not be found either upon his person or in his rooms. Pray take the basket-chair. "  The little man stood glancing from one to the other of us with half-frightened, half-hopeful eyes, as one who is not sure whether he is on the verge of a windfall or of a catastrophe. "If you had wished to throw the treasure into the Thames it would have been easier for you to have thrown box and all. The king is at the tent of the 
brave Du Guesclin, where he will sup to night. The other, dark, clear-cut, and elegant, hardly yet of middle age, and endowed with every beauty of body and of mind, was the Right Honourable Trelawney Hope, Secretary for European Affairs, and the most rising statesman in the country. Alleyne hastened on, lest he make more mischief, and his heart was heavy as lead within him. Look where he would, he seemed to see nothing but injustice and violence and the hardness of man to man. A duller man never stepped, and yet within the week you have said three things which might pass, and one thing the day we left Fordingbridge which I should not have been ashamed of myself. Stapleton 
may fall in with such a superstition, and Mortimer also, but if I have one quality upon earth it is common sense, and nothing will persuade me to believe in such a thing. "  "My difficulty is the more formidable of the two, for I think that we shall very shortly get an explanation of yours, while mine may remain forever a mystery. They strode on either side, each with an ear slanting 
towards him, but ere he had come to the end of his story the bowman had spun round upon his heel, and was hastening back the way they had come, breathing loudly through his nose. For the moment we could only sit among the bushes in patience and wait the coming of Zambo. Then he leaned forward, 
and in the intense silence we were aware of the soft lapping of agitated water. No sound came from within, and at the silence Holmes' face clouded over. He never gave reasons for this persistent refusal, but contented himself by resolutely and inflexibly adhering to his determination. "Within the last few 
months it became increasingly plain to me that Sir Charles's nervous system was strained to the breaking point. He had taken this legend which I have read you exceedingly to heart--so much so that, although he would walk in his own grounds, nothing would induce him to go out upon the moor at night. "  "I see. "  "Nay," said the Earl of Angus, "it is not so certain; for the peasant with whom we spoke last night said that it was rumored that Don Tello, the Spanish king's brother, had ridden with six thousand chosen men to beat up the prince's camp. The pressman looked at him in mild surprise. The 
other, dark, clear-cut, and elegant, hardly yet of middle age, and endowed with every beauty of body and of mind, was the Right Honourable Trelawney Hope, Secretary for European Affairs, and the most rising statesman in the country. "And now I come to the queer part of the business. "  "Ma foi! you have not too much of either, for you are as white as marble," said Harcomb bluntly. I read in his eyes that he suspected. I will 
explain the state of things to you, as far as I have been able to understand it, in a very few words. "  He leaned forward with great earnestness. But surely this event could not have 
found its way into the Plymouth morning papers. The broad street was churned up by the traffic into a horrible rutted paste of muddy snow. A weary-looking police-sergeant reclined in the corner. Round this 
clearing there was a semi-circle of trees with curious huts built of foliage piled one above the other among the branches. "Fly, my lady, 
fly!" he screeched, and whizzed past them like bolt from bow; while close behind came lumbering a huge black bear, with red tongue lolling from his mouth, and a broken chain jangling behind him. "  "Nay, let him come!" cried Alleyne. '  Sounds like racing. A four-wheeler was brought, and we all three drove back in it. At the foot of the steps a long 
coil of rope was thrown carelessly together. Again, in Arles and Nimes, and other towns that I 
could name, there are the great arches and fortalices still standing which were built of old by giant men who came from the south. We never saw the hound. Such a charge is absurd to anyone who really knows him. There was some sympathetic 
laughter on his entrance among the front benches of well-dressed spectators, as though the demonstration of the students in this instance was not unwelcome to them. "Good lack!" cried Sir 
Nigel, and "Good lack!" cried his lady, while John stood laughing and wiping the caked dirt from his fingers. Probably he 
handed it to some sailor customer of his, who forgot all about it for some days. It must have lasted 
for some time, for it was then that these cigars were smoked. Bewildered and stunned by this blow, Jefferson Hope 
felt his head spin round, and had to lean upon his rifle to save himself from falling. He was essentially a man of action, however, and speedily recovered from his temporary impotence. Presently she came back up the road again, her head haughtily in the air, not deigning to take any further notice of her silent attendant. Crouching together in the 
angle of the door, we kept our eyes fixed upon the mirror. Suddenly, as the landlady's footsteps died away, there was the creak of a turning key, the handle revolved, and two thin hands darted out and lifted the tray from the chair. "You double thief!" he cried, 
"you have eaten my herrings, and I without bite or sup since morning. "Now, Bannister, will you please tell us the truth about yesterday's incident?"  The man turned white to the roots of his hair. But he was too wily for that. 
Every detail which I had roughly noted from my watch-tower was drawn out in its relative place. It's 
wrong--it's all wrong--I'll swear that it's wrong. If my hair would only change colour, here's a nice little crib all ready for me to step into. You have seen a prairie fire 
where the flames have swept every trace of grass or plant from the surface of the earth and left only a blackened waste. It would be well that you should doff camail and greaves, Sir Nigel, for, by the black rood! it is like enough that we shall have to swim for it. "  It was evening before I left Camberwell, and quite dark by the time I reached home. _The Country of the Saints. _     CHAPTER I. ON THE GREAT ALKALI PLAIN. In it he told the young man of the imminent danger which threatened them, and how necessary it was that he should return. Douglas was a reticent man, and there were some chapters in his life of which he never spoke. "They come at me like bullets. There are scant crops and few beeves in the borderland, where a man must reap his grain with sickle in one fist and brown bill in the other. "  Alleyne promised to be there if his duties would allow, and then, slipping through the crowd, he rejoined Ford, who was standing in talk with the two strangers, who had now reached their own doorstep. Now, I have 
here a watch which has recently come into my possession. I believe that on the day 
of the murder Adair had discovered that Moran was cheating. It is here. By Jove! here comes something 
at last to break our dead monotony. Then he turned down the lamp, and we were left in darkness. When I told him every detail he gave it up and thought only of saving his own skin. "Now we have to ask ourselves at what hour the 
murder actually did occur. "We have still ten minutes. "You've done splendid work and taken risks, 
and I can't forget it. Give me a grip and we'll soon have a move on it. I can 
dispense then with artificial stimulants. I tell you, sir, that my ship is over light and 
over frail for such work, and it will but end in our having our throats cut, or being sold as slaves to the Barbary heathen. "  "I am afraid that my explanation may disillusion you but it has always been my habit to hide none of my methods, either from my friend Watson or from any one who might take an intelligent interest in them. "The man that 
was clever enough to hunt me down is clever enough to pick an iron box from the bottom of a river. Jefferson Hope, have you anything that you wish to say? I must warn you that your words will be taken down, and may be used against you. "  The whole thing occurred in a moment--so quickly that I had no time to realize it. I shall look into the matter between this and then. Now and then I hazarded some remark to break the monotony of the journey, but the colonel answered only in monosyllables, and the conversation soon flagged. You can catch glimpses of the river. I beg you then, Mr. Mycroft Holmes next morning, and subsequently to the police. "A most annoying business, Sherlock," said he. 
"  "A vow to the saints," cried Alleyne, "is indeed not to be set aside; but this is a devil's vow, and, simple clerk as I am, I am yet the mouthpiece of the true church when I say that it were mortal sin to fight on such a quarrel. "True as steel, every man of them. And yet, by the Lord! there is that skunk Morris. "  "Unfortunately, madam, I had no possible alternative. His eyes twinkled, and there was even a touch of colour upon his sallow cheeks. He made a slight motion to me to approach him, and instantly, as he turned his face half round to the company once more, subsided into a doddering, loose-lipped senility. "  "We had hoped that he might have given us some indications which would have helped us to clear the matter up. "My dear Watson, you as a medical man 
are continually gaining light as to the tendencies of a child by the study of the parents. But, none the less, my turn that way is in my veins, and may have come with my grandmother, who was the sister of Vernet, the French artist. I think that those seven weeks represented the difference between the mail-boat which brought the letter and the sailing vessel which brought the writer. Now order the ranks, and fling wide the banners, for our souls are God's and our bodies the king's, and our swords for Saint George and for England!"  Sir Nigel had scarcely spoken when the mist seemed to thin in the valley, and to shred away into long ragged clouds which trailed from the edges of the cliffs. The light still burned steadily in front. "What about--" he jerked his thumb upward to 
signify the coining plant. "They appear to be lists of Stock Exchange 
securities. "  He groaned and was silent for a few moments. I knew the firm for which this man worked. Chapter 11. On the table in front of 
them were piled a number of letters and telegrams, which they were carefully sorting and docketing. "With 
reference to the Upper Norwood tragedy," it remarked, "we have reason to believe that the matter promises to be even more complex and mysterious than was originally supposed. Gregson rubbed his hands in a 
self-satisfied way. Then I came into town, joined Mr. "Now, Watson, the fair sex is your department," said Holmes, with a smile, when the dwindling frou-frou of skirts had ended in the slam of the front door. "  For a moment Gilchrist, with upraised hand, tried to control his writhing features. "  "Good Master Hawtayne," cried the boatswain, rushing aft, "the water comes in upon us apace. There was about him also that glamour of experience and of mystery which attracts a woman's interest, and finally her love. The train 
of reasoning ran, 'Here is a gentleman of a medical type, but with the air of a military man. You may go to 
any expense which you think necessary. "  "Yes, indeed. He knows that his only hope of mercy is to produce it safe. He was aware that the bicycle 
would be described by the hotel people and be a clue against him; so he left it there and made his way by some other means to London or to some safe hiding place which he had already arranged. Alleyne was still seated on the rock, his 
griefs and his joys drifting swiftly over his mind like the shadow of clouds upon a sunlit meadow, when of a sudden he became conscious of a low, deep sound which came booming up to him through the fog. And here in good time comes my lady, without whose counsel it is not my wont to decide aught of import; but, indeed, it was her own thought that you should come. 

CHAPTER XIV  

"Those Were the Real Conquests"  We had imagined that our pursuers, the ape-men, knew nothing of our brush-wood hiding-place, but we were soon to find out our mistake. "THERE ARE 
HEROISMS ALL ROUND US" II. "TRY YOUR LUCK WITH PROFESSOR CHALLENGER" III. "HE IS A PERFECTLY IMPOSSIBLE PERSON" IV. "IT'S JUST THE VERY BIGGEST THING IN THE WORLD" V. "QUESTION!" VI. "I WAS THE FLAIL OF THE LORD" VII. Sherlock Holmes, and I am aware of your profession--one of which I by no means approve. "  "Ah! that would be Toby. "  "At the point where the path passes through the gate, you could surely pick up the tracks?"  "Unfortunately, the path was tiled at that point. "By St. "That's he walking 
ahead of us there. I'm Brother Scanlan, Lodge 341, Vermissa Valley. It's fine!"  Holmes smiled. I'll tell you one or two things about Moriarty which may interest you. "  She laughed at the elasticity of my character. He had swung round his revolving chair so as to face me, and he sat all puffed out like an enormous bull-frog, his head laid back and his eyes half-covered by supercilious lids. All looked so peaceful and happy, the 
rustling trees and the broad silent stretch of grain-land, that it was difficult to realize that the spirit of murder lurked through it all. Here's half a crown. It's this part from the top of the page. Whatever they do, they will have followers. Sherlock Holmes and Jones sat with their 
hands upon their knees, deeply interested in the story, but with the same disgust written upon their faces. "If you know anything, you can surely say it without all this tomfoolery. I fear, 
Watson, that she will be past Charlington before we can possibly meet her. I can do nothing for 
myself. With our four guns the two of us made a horrible havoc. "  He prowled 
about with this equipment himself, but it was a poor show of plants which he would bring back of an evening. "  "Well, I'm bound to say I've always found you had reason behind all your queer ways. "There is one thing occurs to me," said he at last. I see that 
these candles in the mantelpiece have been lighted. I trust that we may do as much for you. "Now, my dear Hopkins, draw up and warm your toes," said he. 
"Look at that!" he said, triumphantly. See how the figures loom up, are dimly 
seen, and then blend once more into the cloud-bank. They had driven him home a dozen times from Serpentine-mews, and knew all about him. And well they 
strove to keep their vow!  From Chicago he was chased, after two attempts so near success that it was sure that the third would get him. "'It was in this way. I could, of 
course, borrow so trifling a sum ten times over from my friends, but I much prefer to make it a matter of business and to carry out that business myself. The boon I crave 
is that you will place it in my hands and let me die still grasping it. These are the documents in the extraordinary case of the Gloria Scott, and this is the message which struck Justice of the Peace Trevor dead with horror when he read it. They are fresh, too. "  "Then why did they fly?"  "Quite so. "I would that all men were of thy way of thinking. It was indeed I and the black cook, 
both from the ship 'La Rose de Gloire,' of Southampton, who did set upon the Flanders merchant and rob him of his spicery and his mercery, for which, as we well know, you hold a warrant against us. "  "But perhaps it may grow lighter as we go. Soames returned and called for you, 
you were very much disturbed?"  "Yes, sir. Such a thing has never happened during the many years that I have been here. The rude plank door was ajar, but as Alleyne approached it 
there came from within such a gust of rough laughter and clatter of tongues that he stood irresolute upon the threshold. On examination traces of blood were to be seen upon the windowsill, and several scattered drops were visible upon the wooden floor of the bedroom. He is a big, powerful chap, clean-shaven, and very 
swarthy--something like Aldrige, who helped us in the bogus laundry affair. "The glass still 
keeps very high," he remarked as he sat down. "  "By God's coif! Wat would miss it but little," said another. We realized that Zambo spoke the truth, and that it would be impossible for him to keep them. Who wrote the note? It was someone within the citadel, and it was a woman. "If it please you," he answered, "I and nine others are the body-squires of the king, and must ever wear his arms, so as to shield him from even such perils as have threatened him this night. It's dooced interestin', and no mistake about that. "  "It was a piece of very simple reasoning. "  "Yes, I was always quick of speech. Then he laughed in his loud, boisterous, 
insincere fashion. Stooping down, he loosened the stirrup-straps, bound his 
knees tightly to his saddle-flaps, twisted his hands in the bridle, and then, putting the gallant horse's head for the mountain path, he dashed the spurs in and fell forward fainting with his face buried in the coarse, black mane. "She shall not be buried in that," he cried with a fierce snarl, and before an alarm could be raised sprang down the stairs and was gone. "  "Couldn't read or write," said Carruthers. But you look weary. I imagined what 
my feelings would be if I had to return to you and to confess that some misfortune had occurred through my disregard for your instructions. She answered that it was some senseless practical joke, and that I should not take any notice of it. "  "She would at least have peace for the moment. Woodley seemed to me to be a 
most odious person. Carruthers, who was a much older man, was more agreeable. Woodley must be staying in the neighbourhood, for he did not sleep here, and yet I caught a glimpse of him again this morning, slinking about in the shrubbery. I would sooner have a savage wild animal loose about the place. This, I understand is your son's room"--he 
pushed open the door--"and that, I presume, is the dressing-room in which he sat smoking when the alarm was given. There was no key, but it was of considerable weight, so we transferred it carefully to our own little cabin. I could struggle no 
longer. "  "And very wet it seems to have made you," said Holmes laying his hand upon the arm of the pea-jacket. "Now that, through the intelligence and activity of Mr. Thank you. Now some of that litter from the mantelpiece. E SLANE. C. is happiest then. Well, sir, let us 
do what we can to curtail this visit, which can hardly be agreeable to you, and is inexpressibly irksome to me. " He turned upon his heel, disregarding the trembling hand which the other held out to him, and we set off for King's Pyland. "I suppose you know all about it," he snarled. "  "There are three men waiting for him at the door," said Holmes. She must be a 
heartless creature to sit laughing at some jest within a few hours of her husband's murder. At eleven o'clock she rose to leave me, but she paused at the door and looked back. "  And yet the next day brought us no nearer to the solution of the mystery. "  "Then it was open all the time?"  "Yes, sir. His only remark was, "There's some new stuff, cuticura or something, which is better than arnica. Hence it 
came about that his farm and all that belonged to him prospered exceedingly. James Windibank wished Miss Sutherland to be so bound to Hosmer Angel, and so uncertain as to his fate, that for ten years to come, at any rate, she would not listen to another man. Dr. Ferrier had just heard enough from the detective at the station to be able to give an idea of what had happened, and his story did not mend matters. It was evident to all that I was in for a long illness, so Joseph was bundled out of this cheery bedroom, and it was turned into a sick-room for me. They lodged, I 
find, at the Mexborough Private Hotel, in Craven Street, which was actually one of those called upon by my agent in search of evidence. He little knew how far that iron grasp could reach, or how soon it was to close upon them and crush them. Trevelyan will make it convenient to be at home. He proposes to call at about quarter past six to-morrow evening, if Dr. Perceiving a light in 
the front room, he advanced into the passage and again knocked, but without reply. He then pushed open the door and entered. I remember that he refused to 
accept any settlement from Sir Charles, though he pressed it upon him. Truth is truth, and nothing which you can report can affect it in any way, though it may excite the emotions and allay the curiosity of a number of very ineffectual people. I claim that I have opened a new field of science. " He 
raised a glass with which he had been served to his lips and elevated his little finger as he drank it. There 
is nothing so deceptive as the distance of a light upon a pitch-dark night, and sometimes the glimmer seemed to be far away upon the horizon and sometimes it might have been within a few yards of us. It had 
struck her, doubtless, that it might seem ungracious upon her part to be indifferent to a prize which had cost so much to win. The crate upon which I sit contains 2,000 napoleons packed between layers of lead foil. For us the victory brought much advantage. " He was a 
small, wiry, sunburnt man, clean-shaven, with a sharp face and alert manner. Becher a German, very thin, with a long, sharp nose?"  The station-master laughed heartily. But he has a gentleman staying with him, a patient, as I understand, who is a foreigner, and he looks as if a little good Berkshire beef would do him no harm. She had lain back in her 
chair, with drooping eyelids and bloodless face, so that he had feared at first her journey had weighed heavily upon her, and that the strength was ebbing out of her. "'I 
promised my friend that I would say nothing of the matter, and a promise is a promise,' said she; 'but if I can really help her when so serious a charge is laid against her, and when her own mouth, poor darling, is closed by illness, then I think I am absolved from my promise. I will tell you exactly what happened upon Monday evening. E. C. S. , 
from his friends of the C. 6d. , glass sherry, 8d. _) [2]     CHAPTER I. MR. SHERLOCK HOLMES. I have determined, therefore, to call upon you and to consult you in reference to the very painful event which has occurred in connection with my wedding. Chapter 9. I feel how wise and true were the words of Challenger when he said that the real tragedy would be if we were left behind when all that is noble and good and beautiful had passed. I'll light my spirit lamp, and give you a cup of coffee before we start. "'Oh, just as you like,' said 
she, a little huffed. '  "Well, you can easily think that that made me prick up my ears, for the business has not been over-good for some years, and an extra couple of hundred would have been very handy. "'Yes, but you would not 
have me leave it a dishonoured man,' said he. 'I could not bear the disgrace. Annoyed at the churlish rebuff, I 
turned my back and walked home. All evening, though I tried to think of other things, my mind would still turn to the apparition at the window and the rudeness of the woman. I would dream of Sholto at night. "  "By Gar!" McGinty flushed an angry red and then burst into a roar of laughter. "  "And found nothing?"  "It was all very confused. Fowler. Toller serenely. "  "Yes, sir, I do, and I am ready enough to tell what I know. "What's V. "The 
best way of successfully acting a part is to be it," said Holmes. "And now, Tiphaine, tell us what will come of this war in Spain. But methinks that we 
are very welcome here, for already they come forth to meet us. "It is very much the sort of thing that I expected," 
said he. I will tell you no more gloomy details. I had it at the sacking of Issodun, and the King himself hath not such a bed. "This way, my young friend," said he; 
"vestigia nulla retrorsum. 577 axite express," said he. "I got that big fellow with it. Come on, my boy, and we shall see whether it will not fit the lock. "  In a quarter of an hour or so we were back at the physician's house. "  "Such as they are, they are set forth in a single article of a morning paper of yesterday, which I will read to you. Only one, but a very 
formidable person. But now we were to see the terrific end of its career. "  "Other things being equal," said Holmes, "one would suspect the one at whose head the master threw a decanter. "  "But how about his food?"  "Selden found out that he has got a lad who works for him and brings all he needs. "  "I suppose the professor eats hardly anything?"  "Well, he is variable. I cannot tell it. Political assassins are only too glad to do their work and to fly. This murder had, on the contrary, been done most deliberately, and the perpetrator had left his tracks all over the room, showing that he had been there all the time. "  So, indeed, it proved, and as I come to the dark conclusion of a story which had seemed to me to be only childish and bizarre, I experience once again the dismay and horror with which I was filled. Sir Henry 
Baskerville listened with the deepest attention and with an occasional exclamation of surprise. "I have seen them fight too often not to know that they are very hardy and valiant gentlemen. "  "I heard nothing," I answered. Norbury, a lean, silent man, had been to those 
parts before, and sat his horse with a rigid neck; but the two young squires gazed eagerly to right or left, and plucked each other's sleeves to call attention to the many strange things on every side of them. "See to the brave 
stalls!" cried Alleyne. "  "See that you keep your throat whole for the drinking of it archer," cried a voice, and the crowd laughed at the rough pleasantry. "  "Was it not very extraordinary that you should do this on the very day when there were these papers inside?"  "It was most unfortunate, sir. "Just one hint to you, Lestrade," drawled 
Holmes before his rival vanished; "I will tell you the true solution of the matter. Lady St. Simon is a myth. The ceremony, as shortly announced in the papers of yesterday, occurred on the previous morning; but it is only now that it has been possible to confirm the strange rumours which have been so persistently floating about. Short as the two snips are, you can distinctly see the same slight curve in each. "  The country detective chuckled. "  "Exactly. "And for thyself, Alleyne, if there be any dear friend to whom you would fain give greeting, I can send it for thee within this packet. It has nothing to do with the main fact--can't have, 
on the face of it. For half an hour we worked, the sweat dropping from our faces, our arms and backs aching with the exertion. In this case I found her biography sandwiched in between that of a Hebrew rabbi and that of a staff-commander who had written a monograph upon the deep-sea fishes. One of them snatched my firelock up and levelled it at my head, while the other held a great knife to my throat and swore between his teeth that he would plunge it into me if I moved a step. They 
consisted of a man and a girl, the former very tall with rounded shoulders, a limp of one foot, and a large flat object covered with dark cloth under his arm. Here, for example, is one 'Upon the Distinction between the Ashes of the Various Tobaccoes. Nearer the road, and surrounded on three sides by bushes, was a small outhouse, one window and the door facing in our direction. The Brabanter raised his weapon to the sky, and there came the short, deep twang of his powerful string. He has grown gray in the service, is a gentleman, a favoured guest in the most exalted houses, and, above all, a man whose patriotism is beyond suspicion. I waited until midnight, but there was no sign 
of his return, so I retired to my room. When in India, he and I, through a remarkable chain of circumstances, came into possession of a considerable treasure. I took 
advantage now of my attainments. I reflected as I walked that few men in the world could have spent a stranger night or added more to human knowledge in the course of it. I took my 
things to a hotel in New Street, and then I made my way to the address which had been given me. At this moment I have two pages coursing after it from side to side, like hounds behind a leveret. As it chanced, however, there was one of the convict-guard down there,--a vile Pathan who had never missed a chance of insulting and injuring me. 
Challenger is in the habit of keeping her room of a morning--it suddenly entered my head that it would be entertaining and instructive to see whether I could find any limits to this woman's inperturbability. The small vivid circle of 
white light from the mirror left half of his rugged, bearded face in brilliant radiance and half in deepest shadow. The sandal-wearing Mohammedan has the great toe well separated from the others, because the thong is commonly passed between. You will see a weasel holding a young rabbit in the window. "  "How absurdly simple!" I cried. "  "It is very true that he had not much hair," said the palmer quickly, "and it is this which makes this relic so exceeding precious. Let those go 
back who will, but I must see more of these Spaniards ere I turn. "  "Well, we're bound to take you on your own terms," said the inspector; "but when it comes to telling us to abandon the case--why in the name of goodness should we abandon the case?"  "For the simple reason, my dear Mr. Hosmer Angel? Did he make no attempt to see you?"  "Well, father was going off to France again in a week, and Hosmer wrote and said that it would be safer and better not to see each other until he had gone. "  "It was only a joke at first," groaned our visitor. By the three kings! I 
would even go further, and say that I have done things with my arbalest which no Englishman could do with his long-bow. "  "What do you mean, then?"  "Oh, you know the stories that the peasants tell about a phantom hound, and so on. Amid the hootings and hissings of their comrades, they marched off together to the Gascon's hut, while the main body broke up their meeting and set cheerily to work packing their possessions, furbishing their weapons, and preparing for the march which lay before them. Two-score archers stood 
about the gateway, and beat back from time to time with their bow-staves the inquisitive and chattering crowd who swarmed round the portal. Ten archers, with thirty shipmen, under the 
master, may hold the waist while ten lie aloft with stones and arbalests. Then I carefully 
paced off five to the east and two to the south. Simon alone, and so we came right away round to his rooms at once. "I am afraid that it will take wiser heads than yours or mine," he remarked, and bowing in a stately, old-fashioned manner he departed. Holmes, which may have any bearing upon the case, but I beg that you will question me upon any point which I do not make clear. "  Holmes sat in silence for some little time. He stooped to the fire, picked up a blazing branch, and slipped in an instant through a sallyport which he had made in our gateway. At the Lyceum Theatre the crowds 
were already thick at the side-entrances. "This is over sudden," she said; "it is not so long since the 
world was nothing to you. It appears to be a fragment torn from a larger sheet. They talk of woman's instinct; 
perhaps it was woman's instinct which gave me that feeling. They watch us. Let me assure them that 
this little bundle of letters would give more joy than all the candelabra and butter-dishes in London. It is of the utmost importance. He told us of the globe, a huge 
mass of flaming gas, flaring through the heavens. He took no particular notice of him, beyond thinking in his own mind that it was early for him to be at work. It is already ten o'clock. He had not followed me himself, but he had set an agent--the boy, perhaps--upon my track, and this was his report. "Would you wish dinner to be served at once, sir?"  "Is it ready?"  "In a very few minutes, sir. SHERLOCK HOLMES,--  "There has been a bad business during the night at 3, Lauriston Gardens, off the Brixton Road. You took me in completely. I'll forget it. "  Our official detectives may blunder in the matter of intelligence, but never in that of courage. "  "But have sworn no vow of constancy or chastity?"  "No, father. I have tried to reconstruct it from the measurements. The old 
crone drew out an evening paper, and pointed at our advertisement. He was in a class by himself. He has a brain of the first order. "Just give me a help with this buckle, cabman," he said, kneeling over his task, and never turning his head. I don't think I'd begin with Mike 
Scanlan or his gang if I were you. McArdle, since it is through your hands that this report must pass before it reaches the world. 

CHAPTER XVI  

"A Procession!  A Procession!"  I should wish to place upon record here our gratitude to all our friends upon the Amazon for the very great kindness and hospitality which was shown to us upon our return journey. "THERE ARE HEROISMS ALL ROUND 
US" II. "TRY YOUR LUCK WITH PROFESSOR CHALLENGER" III. "HE IS A PERFECTLY IMPOSSIBLE PERSON" IV. "IT'S JUST THE VERY BIGGEST THING IN THE WORLD" V. "QUESTION!" VI. "I WAS THE FLAIL OF THE LORD" VII. "It is the same place," the Professor answered. Suddenly a door opened at 
the other end of the passage, and a long, golden bar of light shot out in our direction. In shape they were like 
horrible toads, and moved in a succession of springs, but in size they were of an incredible bulk, larger than the largest elephant. "What has he been doing?"  "Haven't you seen his letter on 'Scientific Possibeelities' in to-day's Times?"  "No. But I don't know why it should be tied. "  "They are already at Dax, where we shall join them," said Sir Nigel. "  "And yet ere I have been here an hour I find Englishmen crawling about within it. "I should not have the impertinence to do it again after what you say. Our investigation has been independent, and our action shall be so also. Each is in his own way a better and deeper 
man. It was a wild, tempestuous night, towards the close of November. Then I 
rang the bell, and, as I hoped, the assistant answered it. He led the way to a glass case in a corner, and pointed to the inscription. I gave him directions to have several gourds of water and a lot of yams, cocoa-nuts, and sweet potatoes. "  We sat in silence for a moment. Even at that moment of tension I found time for amazement at the discovery that he was quite a short man, his head not higher than my shoulder--a stunted Hercules whose tremendous vitality had all run to depth, breadth, and brain. I learned, however, that day once for all that both Summerlee and Challenger possessed that highest type of bravery, the bravery of the scientific mind. A black funnel, you say?"  "No, sir. An instant later steps crept down the passage--steps which were meant to be silent, but which reverberated harshly through the empty house. Have you ever had occasion to study character in handwriting?  What do you make of this fellow's scribble?"  "It is legible and regular," I answered. I will sit on the side of the bed, and you in that chair. You must not think I am sulky when I do that. I trust that I shall soon have to congratulate you upon a successful conclusion. I let him 
take them, therefore, from the hiding-place, and so saved myself an infinity of trouble. "  "And I," said Holmes, "shall see what I can learn from Mrs. "There were some 
six thousand of us, with the prince and his knights, and the feather-bed upon a sutler's mule in the centre. A shipman with St. 
Black with a white band. "  "Ah, of course. When I returned with the pistol the table had been cleared, and Holmes was engaged in his favourite occupation of scraping upon his violin. A very brief analysis of 
these four words would enable you to say with the utmost confidence that the 'learn' and the 'maybe' are written in the stronger hand, and the 'what' in the weaker. Who were these German people, and what were they doing living in this strange, out-of-the-way place? And where was the place? I was ten miles or so from Eyford, that was all I knew, but whether north, south, east, or west I had no idea. The unknown is up against us on every side. "You've done it now, 
Watson," said he, coolly. "Or maybe, Mr. But it is superfluous now for you to purchase any, since I have this considerable supply. I took to adding on little sentences of my own to each question, innocent ones at first, to test whether either of our companions knew anything of the matter, and then, as I found that they showed no signs I played a more dangerous game. "Ah, my dear Watson," said he, striding into the room, "I 
am very delighted to see you! I trust that Mrs. Chapter 7--The Solution    Next morning, after breakfast, we found Inspector MacDonald and White Mason seated in close consultation in the small parlour of the local police sergeant. He was a sunburned, reckless-eyed fellow, with a net-work of lines and wrinkles all over his mahogany features, which told of a hard, open-air life. Some day, perchance, in joust or in tourney, knight may wish to wear my colors, and then I shall tell him that if he does indeed crave my favor there is wrong unredressed, and the wronger the Socman of Minstead. Like the others, it had a daub of asphalt upon its shoulder, and it was only when we saw one of the natives step forward with the air of an owner and give his consent to the beast's slaughter that we understood at last that these great creatures were as much private property as a herd of cattle, and that these symbols which had so perplexed us were nothing more than the marks of the owner. His knowledge of the world, and very 
especially of South America, is surprising, and he has a whole-hearted belief in the possibilities of our journey which is not to be dashed by the sneers of Professor Summerlee. His ruddy hair was shot with grey, and the furrows upon his brow had been cut a little deeper by Time's chisel, but in all else he was the Lord John who had been our good comrade in the past. Mr. Jonas Oldacre then informed me that there were a number of documents--building leases, title-deeds, mortgages, scrip, and so forth--which it was necessary that I should see and understand. It is at least certain that a warrant has been issued. "  I have jotted down the very words of their argument, but now it degenerates into a mere noisy wrangle with much polysyllabic scientific jargon upon each side. How about these papers?"  "Three of them are receipted hay-dealers' accounts. As we walked noiselessly 
amid the thick, soft carpet of decaying vegetation the hush fell upon our souls which comes upon us in the twilight of the Abbey, and even Professor Challenger's full-chested notes sank into a whisper. Good-morning! I dare say that in the 
course of the day I shall drop in at Norwood and see how you are getting on. "  When the detective departed, my friend rose and made his preparations for the day's work with the alert air of a man who has a congenial task before him. THE ADVENTURE OF THE NOBLE BACHELOR  The Lord St. A. "Thank you," said he, as he replaced the glass. A moment later 
he was the cold and practical thinker once more. This is quite natural. He was an old friend of McCarthy's, and, I may add, a great benefactor to him, for I have learned that he gave him Hatherley Farm rent free. The scent appeared to 
be much hotter than before, for he had not even to put his nose on the ground, but tugged at his leash and tried to break into a run. At that instant there was a sharp click, 
the jangling of metal, and Sherlock Holmes sprang to his feet again. "By St. Yet I cannot call to mind where it could have been. "  "I have heard that Wicliff hath many followers in Norwich," answered Alleyne. From this central point two long corridors extended the whole length of the building, from which all the bedrooms opened. There was one way and only one in which he offended the 
susceptibilities of his co-religionists. So alarming did the state of my finances become, that I soon realized that I must either leave the metropolis and rusticate somewhere in the country, or that I must make a complete alteration in my style of living. I had been plottin' it out a bit, and had one or two things clear in my mind. "  The photograph was certainly very off-colored. Sherlock Holmes was a man, 
however, who, when he had an unsolved problem upon his mind, would go for days, and even for a week, without rest, turning it over, rearranging his facts, looking at it from every point of view until he had either fathomed it or convinced himself that his data were insufficient. It's not a very large affair, and of late years it has not done more than just give me a living. But so long as I am in this chair we shall be a united lodge in word and in deed. Miss Burnet has not been seen by any human 
eye since the night of the murder. We must be at Briony Lodge to meet her. Would you mind touching 
the bell?  There is no one in the house except old Martha, who has played her part to admiration. "Quick, quick, we must 
think of some way! Where is the despatch-box?"  "Still in his bedroom. Watson, quick, before he passes over the hill!"  There he was, sure enough, a small urchin with a little bundle upon his shoulder, toiling slowly up the hill. "  "I have a good mind to go to London with you," said the baronet. "  "You can take my word that she is innocent. "But let the men break their fast, 
and we shall then take counsel what to do. "Ha! You put me off, do you?" said our new visitor, taking a step forward and shaking his hunting-crop. "That's all right," said he. The 
question I'm asking you is what shall we say to him?"  "Kill him!" cried a dozen fierce voices. They declare that no one passed. But they were not miners. "You remember, Inspector Martin, when 
the servants said that on leaving their room they were at once conscious of a smell of powder, I remarked that the point was an extremely important one?"  "Yes, sir; but I confess I did not quite follow you. I have not had time to 
examine this room yet, but with your permission I shall do so now. '  "'It's a dirty business,' the other answered. What do you intend to do, Miss 
Morstan?"  "That is exactly what I want to ask you. "Must see you over Cadogan West. 
Coming at once. "  MYCROFT. I had something else to think of. I stood firm. "  I took out my revolver and laid it on the corner of the table. "What's this, 
Dawson!" he cried. "A twenty-horsepower Humber. "One more round of mead or ale 
and the score to the last comer. The other half I will place in this wine glass, in which is a teaspoonful of water. So for an instant they stood, showing hard 
and clear against the white sail behind them. "  "It is wonderful!" I exclaimed. That's a Kneller, I'll swear, that lady in the blue silk over yonder, and the stout gentleman with the wig ought to be a Reynolds. He bellowed with laughter. He 
deals with no niggard hand. As we know, he came back by the side gate. You've sowed--and by the Lord, I'll see that you reap!" He glanced at them both in fury. Then he turned upon his heel, and an instant later the outer door had banged behind him. "This way, Watson," said he, "we can scale the garden wall in this direction. "Halloa! 
Stop a minute! Who's this in the bush?"  It was a young fellow about seventeen, dressed like an ostler, with leather cords and gaiters. "Where did you get that dog-cart? Pull up, man!" he 
yelled, drawing a pistol from his side "Pull up, I say, or, by George, I'll put a bullet into your horse. "It seems to me that you knows a deal more than you should. "I assure you, sir, that I simply 
concealed myself in order to see the effect of my disappearance, and I am sure that you would not be so unjust as to imagine that I would have allowed any harm to befall poor young Mr. I came in by train this morning, and on inquiring at Paddington as to where I might find a doctor, a worthy fellow very kindly escorted me here. "  "By the Lord, you'll be a man after McGinty's heart!"  "What, does he hate the police too?"  Scanlan burst out laughing. "  "Was the window open?"  "Yes. "And very sure I am that my own sweet wife would have said the same. But the blind palmer would have none 
of their alms. Yet I will not deny that at the intaking of a town it is well to have good store of bombards. "  The Brabanter stepped forward with a smile of conscious triumph, and loosed the cord of his weapon. We stood at the entrance while Holmes made an examination of the carpet. Mr. 
Stapleton, a mutual friend who was much concerned at his state of health, was of the same opinion. He was exceedingly kind, and it was through him that Sir Charles learned about my affairs. But a girl always knows. Do not wink with one eye and look with the other, Silas, and do not hop and dance after you shoot, with your tongue out, for that will not speed it upon its way. "  "What sort of fool's talk is this? Do you back out?"  "Easy, Councillor, easy! What have I ever said or done that you should think I would be after standing back from an order of the Bodymaster of my own lodge? If it's right or if it's wrong, it's for you to decide. Where do 
you think that I have been?"  "A fixture also. "  "Send him hither. But it was a weary day for me. With my face over the brink, 
I saw him fall for a long way. Finally he handed a note to the boy, with directions to put it into the hands of the person to whom it was addressed, and especially to answer no questions of any sort which might be put to him. "It had been hoped that the 
proceedings would end there, and that a vote of thanks and congratulation, moved by Professor Sergius, of Upsala University, would be duly seconded and carried; but it was soon evident that the course of events was not destined to flow so smoothly. But, 
as Miss Morstan remarked just now, it is late, and we had best put the matter through without delay. "  "Or evaporation might preserve an equilibrium," remarked Challenger, and the two learned men wandered off into one of their usual scientific arguments, which were as comprehensible as Chinese to the layman. James's end. 
Once only did they condescend to discuss them. "  "I should like these dates a little clearer," said MacDonald. My friend rose 
now and paced up and down the room, his hands in his pockets, and an expression of the most profound gravity upon his face. Opening the door, I started down the corridor to find out. There was 
a straight passage, dimly lighted, which led from the room in which I had been working, and was the only exit from it. But these, of course, are afterthoughts. They might possibly float up against a ship, or a sleeping 
whale, or become entangled in seaweed. "What do you think of it, sir?" they both 
asked. "You have forced me, against my own judgment, to tell you, and now we must both make the best of it. "  "I have not yet told you the height of his villainy," said she. Windibank came 
back from France he was very annoyed at your having gone to the ball. "I cannot waste time over this sort of fantastic talk, Mr. The Greek e with the 
peculiar top flourish is distinctive. "  "But why?"  "Because, my dear Watson, I had the strongest possible reason for wishing certain people to think that I was there when I was really elsewhere. Mrs. Warren, you say that the man was of middle size, dark, and bearded. I really have 
other things to engage me. I didn't know what to do. To make it the more extraordinary, there was no side road at this point down which he could have gone. A dull light shone through heavy mullioned windows, and from the 
high chimneys which rose from the steep, high-angled roof there sprang a single black column of smoke. The coyote skulks among the scrub, the buzzard 
flaps heavily through the air, and the clumsy grizzly bear lumbers through the dark ravines, and picks up such sustenance as it can amongst the rocks. Some eighty 
or a hundred males, the last survivors, had been driven across that same little clearing which led to the edge of the cliff, the scene of our own exploit two days before. "  And so it was that I found myself that foggy November evening pursuing the Camberwell tram with my heart glowing within me, and with the eager determination that not another day should elapse before I should find some deed which was worthy of my lady. Still seeking knowledge at the old university. They had sat down to their breakfast when Lucy with a cry of surprise pointed upwards. '  "'Anything else?'  "'You have done a good deal of digging by your callosities. "  I sat in the window with the volume in my hand, but my thoughts were far from the daring speculations of the writer. "  "No one else?"  Our fair client seemed a little confused. "He dares to give tongue to what all men think. I fear that your man will come by little honor with him. "  "And what then, Aylward?"  "On we went, coz, some six thousand of us, until we came to Issodun, and there again a very great thing befell. Holmes?"  "The man that the whole force has been seeking in vain--Colonel Sebastian Moran, who shot the Honourable Ronald Adair with an expanding bullet from an air-gun through the open window of the second-floor front of No. "  "Mr. "  "Yet, if the dangers of the road weigh so heavily upon you, master alderman, it is a great marvel to me that you should venture so far from home. He posted seven letters to-day. He knew hardly any books, but he had traveled far, had seen much of the world. He could not possibly have been drowned in the moat, which was at no place more than three feet deep. "My dear chap, things don't happen like that in real life. Holmes:  In accordance with the scheme which we had formed in order to test our theories" ["the 'we' is rather fine, Watson, is it not?"] "I went down to the Albert Dock yesterday at 6 p. m. , and boarded the S. I summoned him, I 
say, to watch the foolish mental tricks which the poison would play. "'Well, Sarah found that she could not make a living in 
Liverpool, so she went back, as I understand, to live with her sister in Croydon, and things jogged on much the same as ever at home. And then came this week and all the misery and ruin. Mortimer, and Frankland, of Lafter Hall, let 
me end on that which is most important and tell you more about the Barrymores, and especially about the surprising development of last night. "     Chapter 2. "I seem to have dropped into a sort of council of war. "  "Didn't you? Well, you can understand it now. "  "That is likely enough. I give you my solemn word upon that. The first page 
was disappointing, however, as it contained nothing but the picture of a very fat man in a pea-jacket, with the legend, "Jimmy Colver on the Mail-boat," written beneath it. They obviously were the two who must have heard the sound of the gun; so they gave the alarm exactly as they would have done, but a good half hour after the event. "  "I would not tell them too much," said Holmes. You and I know that he died of sheer fright, and we know also what frightened him, but how are we to get twelve stolid jurymen to know it? What signs are there of a hound? Where are the marks of its fangs? Of course we know that a hound does not bite a dead body and that Sir Charles was dead before ever the brute overtook him. That is obvious. It is rather an alteration of 
perspective, a shifting of our sense of proportion, a vivid realization that we are insignificant and evanescent creatures, existing on sufferance and at the mercy of the first chill wind from the unknown. ' I was convinced that it was an invitation which he would not refuse, since he could never imagine that it could come from anyone but the lady. The word 'Croydon' has 
been originally spelled with an 'i', which has been changed to 'y'. With trembling fingers I flung back the 
lid. On they rode, and on, until, at last, topping a ridge, they looked down upon the fateful valley. Henri Fournaye only returned from a journey to London on Tuesday last, and there is evidence to connect her with the crime at Westminster. A comparison of photographs has proved conclusively that M. "You will be glad to hear," said 
Holmes, "that your young master is found. Holmes," said he. Even now I do not understand how you attained this 
result. "  "But there is life upon the plateau all the same," his colleague replied in triumph. "  The taciturn Austin saluted and withdrew. "I've heard of you, Mr. "I'll fight 
him with fists, or, if that won't satisfy him, I'll fight him any other way he chooses. You can leave the time to me. "  "It is a pity there is no key, that we may make an inventory first. Warren's house--a high, thin, yellow-brick edifice in Great Orme Street, a narrow thoroughfare at the northeast side of the British Museum. Ah, Mrs. A 
wise woman hath made prophecy that this blind side will one day be the death of me. The skull was of enormous capacity, and yet as I 
looked down I saw to my amazement that the figure of the man was small and frail, twisted in the shoulders and back like one who has suffered from rickets in his childhood. Nothing else of importance was discovered in the room by the police, save the inexplicable fact that neither upon Mrs. They puzzled a worthy Sussex doctor 
some ninety years ago; but who in the world could have hoped--hoped--to have seen a sight like that?"  His words died away into a whisper, and we all stood in motionless amazement. I told them that he was gone to Europe and that I did not know where to find him. He said he was all right--just a 
touch of headache. Suddenly he looked at his watch. At first it was but a lurid spark 
upon the stone pavement. The more formal we made the visit the less information 
we might obtain. "Are you armed?" I asked. "I am Miss Morstan, and these two 
gentlemen are my friends," said she. "At the same time," Holmes continued, 
"Lady Eva is not a wealthy woman. "Thank heaven! at last we are on the dear boy's track! It is his cap. She looked at me with a quick, questioning 
smile. At first I thought that she had not recognised me, but as I bent over her she suddenly shrieked out in a voice which I shall never forget, 'Oh, my God! Helen! It was the band! The speckled band!' There was something else which she would fain have said, and she stabbed with her finger into the air in the direction of the doctor's room, but a fresh convulsion seized her and choked her words. You can take what steps you like. If it is not column, then I am very much deceived. "  "I have a cab outside. "Or 'St. "Nay, not so fast," said a huge archer, whose 
mighty shoulders and red head towered high above the throng of his comrades. To work, sir, for our lord 
may need us at the abbey!"  Tranter's great sword was indeed a mighty vantage in his favor. Even the heavy John was not unmoved by the beauty of their road, while the bowman whistled lustily or sang snatches of French love songs in a voice which might have scared the most stout-hearted maiden that ever hearkened to serenade. After all, it is a question of money with these fellows, and I have the British treasury behind me. A white mule with red trappings, led by a varlet, carried Sir Nigel's own napery and table comforts. We opened it, and the light of the lantern gleamed upon a collection of gems such as I have read of and thought about when I was a little lad at Pershore. We had 
breakfasted and were smoking our morning pipe on the day after the remarkable experience which I have recorded, when Mr. '  "'Where to?'  "'To Eyford, in Berkshire. "  The Abbot was left to himself once more, and bent his thin gray face over his illuminated breviary. Consider what is involved by your theory. " That was after the execution of Charles. I 
chose his launch because I heard that she was a flier. The zareba rose before me, even as I had left it, but the gate was open. "'And how was it 
then that Charles did not get his crown when he returned?' asked Musgrave, pushing back the relic into its linen bag. 'You 
have omitted the "and under. We should not have troubled you, only that our friend who speaks Greek and who began these negotiations has been forced to return to the East. Cunningham and his 
son, who were able to point out the exact spot where the murderer had broken through the garden-hedge in his flight. Alec Cunningham saw him from the back passage. 
"And now I made a very careful examination of the corner of paper which the Inspector had submitted to us. But the blind palmer would have none of 
their alms. As he came out into the glimmering patch of light, we saw that he carried something white under his arm. Jones's energy will be of use to us there, for his view of the case is sure to push itself into the daily press, and the runaways will think that every one is off on the wrong scent. "  "What are we to do, then?" I asked, as we landed near Millbank Penitentiary. You will all be in the big room--same as you saw when you had a chat with me. He held out his hand to Baldwin. "  "You said you had a clue?"  "Well, we have several, but we can only test their value by further inquiry. In a little time your wrist will be stronger and your cut more shrewd. "What have you done, 
Holmes?" I asked. "Am I to be preached to by a child?" he cried, staring across at Alleyne with an inflamed and angry countenance. "I am a peaceful trader, and I am not wont to be so shouted at upon so small a matter. "Since you are 
good enough to allow it, I shall most certainly take it upon myself to act as pioneer upon this occasion. "  "Yet any woman will serve. Man, or at least criminal man, has lost all enterprise and originality. As to my own little practice, it seems to be degenerating into an agency for recovering lost lead pencils and giving advice to young ladies from boarding-schools. D. upon the linen. So much is fairly 
clear. The fame and brilliancy of the prince's court had drawn the knights-errant and pursuivants-of-arms from every part of Europe. They had been aroused from their sleep by the sound of an explosion, which had been followed a minute later by a second one. I thought the matter over, and I came to the conclusion that I must approach the case from another aspect. I can hardly 
claim to take serious notice of anything that I can see with my naked eye. Naturally my first 
thought was of burglars. But all the rest was inconceivable. That is the man who is after me to-night Watson, and that is the man who is quite unaware that we are after him. "  The fog-bank lay like white wool against the window. Sherlock Holmes was 
already at breakfast when I came down. One page is missing, but otherwise they are exactly as written and show my feelings and suspicions of the moment more accurately than my memory, clear as it is upon these tragic events, can possibly do. "Who is on duty?" asked Holmes. "North of Humber there is no man who would not know the handiwork of Devil Douglas, the black Lord James. "  "And how fell you into his hands?" asked John. Holmes--absolutely fatal. 
Still, there are other gangs of three besides the Randalls, or it may be some new gang of which the police have never heard. It is true that if any sudden danger had threatened him I was too far away to be of use, and yet I am sure that you will agree with me that the position was very difficult, and that there was nothing more which I could do. Henry Baskerville, 

if he be still alive, the son of Sir Charles Baskerville's 

younger brother. "Pray take this chair by the fire, Mr. "This is my friend and colleague, Dr. "What ho there!" he continued, beating upon the door with the hilt of his sword. "There is nought amiss with the Lady Mary or with the Lady Maude?"  "It is my brother--my poor unhappy brother!" cried Alleyne, with his hand to his brow. If he had got among us we should have shot each other in tryin' to down him. "I came down to Sussex with the 
intention of seeing the captain, but it was at this moment that his terrible death occurred. I find it, however, so transcendently stimulating and clarifying to the mind that its secondary action is a matter of small moment. "This is key enough for me!" 
quoth Hordle John, picking up the huge stone, and hurling it against the door with all the strength of his enormous body. "  "Well, well, that's fine. Pinner with a ghastly smile. "Yes, I have no doubt 
that we shall be able to do something for you. I am level with him on that, 
anyhow. Like a fool I left my baccy-pouch upon the table. I am not subject to impressions, 
but the dull, heavy evening, with the strange business upon which we were engaged, combined to make me nervous and depressed. I then worked the lawn very carefully for 
signs and traces, but this drought has made everything as hard as iron. Are you game for a six-mile trudge, Watson?"  "Certainly," I answered. We have as much to fear from the tonsure as from the hauberk. "  "What was it?"  "Well, it seems to me that it is just possible that the arrival of this poor fellow William was not before, but after, the entrance of the burglar into the house. "  "If you will do this I think the chances are that our little problem will soon be solved. Holmes then threw the handkerchief to a distance, 
fastened a stout cord to the mongrel's collar, and led him to the foot of the water-barrel. I had smoked two cigarettes before he moved. I had news to-night, bad news, and I see trouble coming. For 
years Brenda waited. "  "Frequently. "Your sister Sarah lives, I think you said, at New Street, Wallington? Good-bye, and I am very sorry that you should have been troubled over a case with which, as you say, you have nothing whatever to do. "  "Here you are, doggy!  Good old Toby!  Smell it, Toby, smell it!" He pushed the creasote handkerchief under the dog's nose, while the creature stood with its fluffy legs separated, and with a most comical cock to its head, like a connoisseur sniffing the bouquet of a famous vintage. "Well, well, my dear fellow, be it so. Did Morris say nothing to you 
against the lodge?"  "No. But my own views are different. So looks the Shakespearean who is confronted by a rancid Baconian, or the astronomer who is assailed by a flat-earth fanatic. The edge of the plateau has fewer large trees than further inland. Who brought the note, then? Or did it come through the post?"  "I have made inquiries," said the Inspector. "William received a letter by the afternoon post yesterday. The envelope was destroyed by him. Holmes 
rushed at the bell-pull, tore back a small sliding shutter, and, plunging in his hand, pulled out a photograph and a letter. It was a six-foot wall which barred our path, but he sprang to the top and over. The A, if you noticed, was printed somewhat after the German fashion. I heard him once 
again when he slew a French squire with his teeth, he being unarmed and the Frenchman having a dagger. I remarked to her, however, before I fell asleep, that the cottage was now occupied, to which she returned no reply. I had grieved with her grief in the 
dining room. I knew all about this hiding place, so did Ames; but it never entered his head to connect it with the matter. "  This was an unexpected obstacle. A volcanic tube full of blue clay. He 
introduced himself as Inspector Martin, of the Norfolk Constabulary, and he was considerably astonished when he heard the name of my companion. He demands the wedding ring--Heaven only knows why, but so it must have been. "It is paper of native Indian 
manufacture," he remarked. I should have waited for the morning, but I could not sleep for excitement, and so at last I slipped out, knowing how difficult it is to awake you. You 
dispute it. If they give us time we must have them. The past and the present are within the field of my inquiry, but what a man may do in the future is a hard question to answer. "How is it now?" he answered anxiously, for she was still rubbing 
the towsy golden curls which covered the back of her head. "Capital! Between your 
brandy and your bandage, I feel a new man. I was very weak, but I have had a 
good deal to go through. ELRI. ES. Here I could only make sense by putting T 
and G for the missing letters, and supposing that the name was that of some house or inn at which the writer was staying. Here, at one side of this wilderness, is Holdernesse Hall, 
ten miles by road, but only six across the moor. Holmes's eyes fixed themselves upon one of them, and following his gaze I saw the picture of a regal and stately lady in Court dress, with a high diamond tiara upon her noble head. "Well, well, we can't expect to have it all our own way, Watson," he said, at last. "Quite a little parlour game--sort of three-card trick, is it not? There are your three men. We will come to the bicycle 
presently. Do you feel equal to it?"  "Yes; I shall not feel easy until I have told my story. '  "'Then it is undoubtedly from him that the note comes,' said I. '  "'And a very good thing, too!' I cried. It is very natural that the pledge of 
secrecy which we have exacted from you should have aroused your curiosity. I have it here in 
my museum. On my way I saw William Crowder, the game-keeper, as he had stated in his evidence; but he is mistaken in thinking that I was following my father. What is there for us to do?"  "To act, Sherlock--to act!" cried Mycroft, springing to his feet. Most 
important of all, in view of the dangers which might surround us, we had our four rifles and one thousand three hundred rounds, also a shot-gun, but not more than a hundred and fifty medium pellet cartridges. They can put those events together 
in their minds, and argue from them that something will come to pass. Curious glassy 
gray eyes they have, under red tufts, and they just sat and gloated and gloated. Challenger is no chicken, but even he was cowed. At the same instant I heard the crash of Lord John's elephant-gun, and, looking up, saw one of the creatures with a broken wing struggling upon the ground, spitting and gurgling at us with a wide-opened beak and blood-shot, goggled eyes, like some devil in a medieval picture. "It is indeed kind of you to come," he said, "I have had everything left untouched. "It is no wonder that 
it did not wake you. On the other hand, a man should be at his very best and keenest for such nice work as that, and I did not wish to do it when fagged by a long journey. These good people were absolutely ignorant that their land contained that which was quite as valuable as a gold-mine. If you will help me with our prisoner, I 
think that we may get started for London at once. "  She stood grandly defiant, a queenly figure, her eyes fixed upon his as if she would read his very soul. "Was there any feature of interest?"  "I fancy not. "  "A spy?"  "Well, it was evident from what we have heard that Baskerville has been very closely shadowed by someone since he has been in town. Perhaps. As I 
watched them Stapleton rose and left the room, while Sir Henry filled his glass again and leaned back in his chair, puffing at his cigar. Challenger breathed two or three times with enormous gulps, his lungs roaring as he drew in the vital gas. He was begging, pleading, imploring for his comrade's life. Godfrey Norton, of the Inner Temple. He would not go if he could help it. "I don't say now that he isn't a crazy man," said 
Sir Henry; "I can't forget the look in his eyes when he ran at me this morning, but I must allow that no man could make a more handsome apology than he has done. "  "And so say I," quoth the other Englishman; "but, certes, there is no fear of our forgetting it while they have a tongue in their heads. "  "You don't mind breaking the law?"  "Not in the least. "I am sorry," he said, and without another word we left the room and the house. It was the same good 
friend whose warning I had so foolishly rejected. You may possibly have read my little monograph upon the subject. You persecute the prophets!  Galileo!  Darwin, and I----" (Prolonged cheering and complete interruption. Let us see, now. To you, my dear Summerlee, belongs the honour--posthumous, alas, but none the less unique--of having given a name to the universal destroyer, the Great Gardener's disinfectant. I must tell you, first of all, the interesting circumstances connected with the previous consultations which Mr. With our four guns the two of us made a horrible havoc. In the dim 
light of the lamp I saw him sitting there, an old briar pipe between his lips, his eyes fixed vacantly upon the corner of the ceiling, the blue smoke curling up from him, silent, motionless, with the light shining upon his strong-set aquiline features. "That's Audley Court in there," he said, pointing to a 
narrow slit in the line of dead-coloured brick. "You'll find me here when you come back. I'll wager he learns more about you than you about him. "  The American held the small parcel in his hand, but made no motion to give it up. Our only clue lay in the truncated telegram, and with a copy of this in his hand Holmes set forth to find a second link for his chain. Might I trouble you to open the window, for chloroform vapour does 
not help the palate. "  The safe was ajar, and Holmes standing in front of it was removing dossier after dossier, swiftly examining each, and then packing it neatly in Von Bork's valise. "Nay, Sir Nigel," said Felton, peering at the 
prisoner through the uncertain light, "I have twice seen Henry of Transtamare, and certes this man in no way resembles him. I had reason to think that he might not need them again, seeing that a thirty-inch shaft had feathered in his back. The result was that he came straight away in a state bordering on frenzy, and has remained in the same state, kneeling at the end of her bed, until this morning death put an end to her sufferings. Aloysius Doran, at 
Lancaster Gate, where breakfast had been prepared. Up to a late hour last night, however, nothing had transpired as to the whereabouts of the missing lady. In the early dawn I 
woke with a start, and was surprised to find him standing by my bedside, clad in a rude sailor dress with a pea-jacket, and a coarse red scarf round his neck. These once aboard, the ship set her 
broad mainsail, purple in color, and with a golden St. What was the starting-point of this chain of 
events? There lay the end of this tangled line. "How you got on to it I can't imagine. "All things are possible to God, but, certes, without a miracle, I should scarce expect to find the soul of Roger Clubfoot amongst the just. I have no doubt 
that there were times when my life hung in the balance. A huge rock, falling from above, boomed past me, 
struck the path, and bounded over into the chasm. PART I. (_Being a reprint from the 
reminiscences of_ JOHN H. WATSON, M. D. Malone, was observed to rise and to make his way to the back of the platform. I'm 
afraid the day for this sort of thing is rather past. Holmes, but I thought the point of the 
second stain not corresponding with the first would interest you. Dear me, how DID I get 
talking about him? What I wished to say was that Mr. Holmes, why, you are even a quicker smoker than I am myself. It was just who would get his evidence first. The sooner the better, for we do not know what their next move may be. And yet, as he had guessed, the game 
was not over yet. Having made one or two tentative remarks to the nearest 
miner, and receiving only short, gruff replies, the traveller resigned himself to uncongenial silence, staring moodily out of the window at the fading landscape. By doing this, mark you, Sahib, his property becomes the due of 
those who have been true to their salt. "  The narrow pass was blocked by huge stones littered in wild confusion over each other, with the blue choking smoke reeking up through the crevices. "    CHAPTER XVII. At last she looked up with something reckless and defiant in her manner. But he was as cunning as he 
was cruel, and at the first whisper of coming trouble he had secretly conveyed his treasures aboard a ship which was manned by devoted adherents. "  "With 'might' and 'may' you can prove anything," cried Summerlee furiously. "  "Ah!"  "But they listened to my story with a smile. There are indications that the 
man was crazed with fear before ever he began to run. "  "It was I who opened it. Holmes took each face of the house in turn, and 
examined it with great interest. "You appear to me," he said, at last, "to be taking matters too much 
for granted. "I have explained it also to our friends here. From the first it was a success. McMurdo strolled up the 
winding path hedged in with evergreens until he reached the deserted restaurant which forms the centre of summer gaiety. Why 
did you leave Chicago?"  "I'm damned if I tell you that!"  McGinty opened his eyes. Their methods are as reasonable as to try to pour some precious stuff from the spring to the reservoir through a non-conducting pipe, which could by the least effort be opened. In this way 
you see K. "  "So be it, then," said Sir Simon Burley; and the rest of the council having approved, a scanty meal was hurriedly snatched, and the advance resumed under the cover of the darkness. But it is time that we took our order, for methinks that between the Needle rocks and the Alum cliffs yonder I can catch a glimpse of the topmasts of the galleys. There I 
was stretched, when you, my dear Watson, and all your following were investigating in the most sympathetic and inefficient manner the circumstances of my death. "  "But what possible connection?"  "Let us take it link by link. THE MAN WITH THE TWISTED LIP  Isa Whitney, brother of the late Elias Whitney, D. WE met next day as he had 
arranged, and inspected the rooms at No. A higher Judge had taken the matter in 
hand, and Jefferson Hope had been summoned before a tribunal where strict justice would be meted out to him. Fairbank was a good-sized square house of white stone, 
standing back a little from the road. A double carriage-sweep, with a snow-clad lawn, stretched down in front to two large iron gates which closed the entrance. This hall was as light as day, for torches burned in numerous sconces upon the walls, throwing strange shadows from the tusked or antlered heads which ornamented them. My 
own face is a narrow one, and yet I find that I cannot get my eyes into the centre, nor near the centre, of these glasses. "  The little man stopped to relight his hookah and puffed thoughtfully for a few moments. Now, Mr. It could only be a small one, or it would have been remarked upon at the coroner's inquiry. "  "What did you do?"  My flippancy was all gone. We shot past the long lines of loaded barges as though they were stationary. "  She was an interesting person, this stern Australian nurse--taciturn, suspicious, ungracious, it took some time before Holmes's pleasant manner and frank acceptance of all that she said thawed her into a corresponding amiability. With all the will in the world, I could never have 
followed up a clue which has taxed even his analytical genius. "Here is a very fashionable 
epistle," I remarked as he entered. "'Lord Robert Walsingham de Vere St. Simon, second son of the Duke of Balmoral. Miss Doran, whose graceful figure and striking face attracted much attention at the Westbury House festivities, is an only child, and it is currently reported that her dowry will run to considerably over the six figures, with expectancies for the future. She was seated by the open window, dressed in some sort of white diaphanous material, with a little touch of scarlet at the neck and waist. I tell you, gentlemen, it nearly drove me mad. I act entirely from a 
sense of public duty. "  "Oh, Cyril is his name!" said Holmes, smiling. We have not. Stapleton but his 
wife as well. As her beautiful head fell upon her chest I saw the clear red weal of a whiplash across her neck. She thinks she does not know the man; I am convinced she does. When she saw that mark on the carpet, down she dropped on the floor, and lay as if she were dead. I watched his son all I could for the sake of the old days. Gennaro had not yet returned when he came. No doubt it had been prearranged in some fashion, for it was the fatal disc with the Red Circle upon it, the mandate for murder, which lay upon his palm. There is no branch of detective science which is so important and so much neglected as the art of tracing footsteps. One or 
two of his neighbours pulled up their sleeves and showed their own lodge marks. Did his companions follow him and kill him?  If they did we should have them, for every port is watched. For a moment it had turned me to a cynic. Did you chance to observe what became of 
it?"  "Yes, I did. )  'The negatives were open to the inspection of experts. "  ("Liar!")  "Who said that?" (Again the inoffensive one plunging desperately, was elevated high into the air. I did but wish to show that the long-bow could do that which an arbalest could not do, for you could not with your moulinet have your string ready to speed another shaft ere the bird drop to the earth. Luckily for me, my company 
sergeant, John Holder, was in the water at the same time, and he was one of the finest swimmers in the service. A crocodile took me, just as I was half-way across, and nipped off my right leg as clean as a surgeon could have done it, just above the knee. What do you make of these bones?"  "A lamb, I should say, or a kid. Was ever such a dreary, dismal, unprofitable world?  See how the yellow fog swirls down the street and drifts across the dun-colored houses. We humoured him too much when he was a lad and gave him his own way in everything until he came to think that the world was made for his pleasure, and that he could do what he liked in it. "  "And Belgium?"  "Yes, and Belgium, too. Holmes?" asked our client. When I paced one corridor and found it six feet shorter than the corresponding one below, it was pretty clear where he was. Then you returned, sir, and my brother thought he would be safer on the moor than anywhere else until the hue and cry was over, so he lay in hiding there. "A 
side-slip," I suggested. No answer? Right, sir. The room was full of articles of value, but none had been taken. Our two 
traitors had been destroyed, but the mischief that they had done lived after them. Though Sir Charles had resided at Baskerville 

Hall for a comparatively short period his amiability of 

character and extreme generosity had won the affection 

and respect of all who had been brought into contact with 

him. " He picked the volume from his desk. Challenger, "that I find it impossible to feel grief for those who are gone. 

Contents  CHAPTER  I. The most of them 

would by no means advance, but three of them, the boldest, 

or it may be the most drunken, rode forward down the goyal. He carefully 
scrutinized with his lens the talc shield which covered the top of the chimney and scraped off some ashes which adhered to its upper surface, putting some of them into an envelope, which he placed in his pocketbook. It had lasted some minutes before 
the young lady broke in upon it. "  We passed along the outer bounds of the Manor House park until we came to a place where there was a gap in the rails which fenced it. "Two of these 
have been smoked from a holder and two without," said he. "Two have been cut by 
a not very sharp knife, and two have had the ends bitten off by a set of excellent teeth. "I know not why the young shoots 
should be plucked, and an old weed left standing, yet certes there must be some good reason, since God hath so planned it. Good-day, Mr. Holmes, and we shall see which gets to the bottom of the matter first. "  "I cannot believe my eyes!" He ran wildly to the door. "  "Sir Eustace Brackenstall, the driver tells me. "We will leave it all to her decision. "Why, what is that? Silver Blaze favorite?"  "Five to four against Silver Blaze!" roared the ring. By my soul! from Limoges 
to Navarre, who was there who would kiss a wench or cut a throat as readily as bowman Aylward of Hawkwood's company?"  "Like enough, Peter," said Aylward, "and, by my hilt! I may not have changed so much. Her jet-black hair was gathered back under a light pink coif, her head poised proudly upon her neck, and her step long and springy, like that of some wild, tireless woodland creature. "All is 
very well with me, Bertrand," said she. I should be a better man if I did what 
you advise, but I shouldn't be quite George Edward Challenger. It is just possible that to-morrow may find him in a more communicative mood. I may add that he is 
enormously rich, and whatever his whims may be he can very easily satisfy them. "  "Looking back at the evening which you spent together, does anything stand out in your memory as throwing any possible light upon the tragedy?  Think carefully, Mr. "  "Preserve it carefully, then, Miss Morstan, for it may prove to be of use to us. The journey was a swift and pleasant one, and I spent it in making 
the more intimate acquaintance of my two companions and in playing with Dr. The injuries were such as might very well have been inflicted by the butt-end of his son's gun, which was found lying on the grass within a few paces of the body. At the time he was lost in admiration at the deft way in which the jongleur disguised the loss of his two missing strings, and the lusty, hearty fashion in which he trolled out his little ballad of the outland bowmen, which ran in some such fashion as this:  

What of the bow? 

The bow was made in England: 

Of true wood, of yew wood, 

The wood of English bows; 

So men who are free 

Love the old yew tree 

And the land where the yew tree grows. The poor fellow has enough to fight 
against without my putting more upon his track. The two women told their story clearly 
enough. "Twenty years ago," he said, "your father, the Franklin of Minstead, died, leaving to the Abbey three hides of rich land in the hundred of Malwood, and leaving to us also his infant son on condition that we should rear him until he came to man's estate. This he did partly because your mother was dead, and partly because your elder brother, now Socman of Minstead, had already given sign of that fierce and rude nature which would make him no fit companion for you. "  I looked at the mark to which his finger pointed, and I gave a sudden cry of joy. "  "Well, certainly that is also a conceivable hypothesis," said Holmes, smiling. "  "But the farm?"  "We will raise as much as we can in money, and let the rest go. "  "'"Well, where d'ye suppose the balance is?" he asked. "It is due at 
Winchester at 11:30. The box was the same which now lies open upon your table. The 500 pounds. The man, who 
has some work which he must do, desires to leave the woman in absolute safety while he does it. The black man, with the woman's crimson scarf tied round his swarthy head, stood forward in the centre of the path, with a long dull-colored knife in his hand, while the other, waving a ragged cudgel, cursed at Alleyne and dared him to come on. Well, suddenly out of the darkness, out of the night, there swooped something with a swish like an aeroplane. All the baggage we took off with him was one tin box. "The surgeon, Dr. The boy locked the door before he left it. It was massive, well made, and solid, like a chest constructed to carry things of great price, but not one shred or crumb of metal or jewelry lay within it. "  "Nay," said the little knight, "it would be scarce fitting that a cavalier should throw off his harness for the fear of every puff of wind and puddle of water. In that impassive colourless man, with his straw hat and his butterfly-net, I seemed to see something terrible--a creature of infinite patience and craft, with a smiling face and a murderous heart. Taking courage, therefore, I slipped rapidly across it, and among the jungle on the farther side I picked up once again the brook which was my guide. It was a cheery companion, gurgling and chuckling as it ran, like the dear old trout-stream in the West Country where I have fished at night in my boyhood. At that instant, to give point to his words, the carriage came round to the door. White Mason, I claim the right to work in my own way and give my results at my own time--complete rather than in stages. "  Holmes had sat intently observant during this long discussion, missing no word that was said, with his keen eyes darting to right and to left, and his forehead wrinkled with speculation. "  "Then, if you are not too sleepy, I will give you a sketch of what has happened, and of what remains to be done. "  Holmes gave an enigmatic smile. We'll look after ours. Night after night I heard him pacing his room, and it was just as he was recovering his confidence that the blow did at last fall. Against their lurid background dark figures were bending and straining, twisting and turning, with the motion of winch or of windlass, to the rhythm of an eternal clank and roar. Ford and Edricson gazed around them in amazement, for never had they seen such magnificent works of art. "Ale, mes camarades?" cried the bowman, "or shall it be wine? Nay, but ye must have the one or the other. Here, Jacques, thou limb of the devil, bring a bottrine of the oldest vernage, and see that you do not shake it. Nearer the road, and surrounded on three sides by bushes, was a small outhouse, one window and the door facing in our direction. The Brabanter raised his weapon to the sky, and there came the short, deep twang of his powerful string. Until the foreigners had invented that for themselves they could not make the boat. "  The strong, masterful personality of Holmes dominated the tragic scene, and all were equally puppets in his hands. The man is a mercer, for he hath a 
great bundle beside him. He comes from the north country, but for many years he hath gone the round of the forest from Southampton to Christchurch. I gave a cry to warn my friends that 
something was amiss, and running forwards I stooped over the body. I saw the old man throw up his arms, a 
terrible convulsion passed over his grim face, and he fell back in his chair. "  "And I venture to trust we may not," I observed. "Alas! it was my ill fate to 
slay him in a bickering which broke out in a field near the township of Tarbes. What do you think of the matter, Mr. You will hurt yourself there if you fall. "  "And the message?"  "How did it run?  'Our own colours, green and white. Just give me down my 
index of biographies from the shelf. The earth is of this peculiar reddish tint which is found, as far as I know, nowhere else in the neighborhood. Then he turned his eager fiery gaze upon the pale-faced monk who faced him. "This plaint is 
thine, as I learn, brother Ambrose," said he. It appears to be a fragment torn from a larger sheet. "  "Peculiar--that is the very word," said Holmes. It was long, sharp, and black, with a glazed look near the point as though some gummy substance had dried upon it. I want to see whether the objections 
are fatal, or if they may be explained away. "  "Certainly, Mr. I may say that I noticed that the slippers were stained with blood--so indeed were my own. Halloa, Watson, what's this? It's the man himself, by all that's wonderful and audacious! Not a word to show your suspicions--not a word, or my plans crumble to the ground. The professor's corridor is also lined with cocoanut matting. Speaking roughly, T, A, O, I, N, 
S, H, R, D, and L are the numerical order in which letters occur, but T, A, O, and I are very nearly abreast of each other, and it would be an endless task to try each combination until a meaning was arrived at. I 
therefore waited for fresh material. Williamson and Woodley were both tried for 
abduction and assault, the former getting seven years the latter ten. He was a respectable, elderly gentleman. "  "But very few books would correspond with that. It was at a point where the 
face of the cliff was for the first time split into a narrow cleft. I trust, Mr. I was standing in the yard when a ragged youngster asked if there was a cabby there called Jefferson Hope, and said that his cab was wanted by a gentleman at 221B, Baker Street. A man had waited outside the window; someone had brought the gems; the deed had been overseen by your son; he had pursued the thief; had struggled with him; they had each tugged at the coronet, their united strength causing injuries which neither alone could have effected. As we approached, the door flew open, and a little blonde woman stood in the opening, clad in some sort of light mousseline de soie, with a touch of fluffy pink chiffon at her neck and wrists. It was the shot-gun, not the rifle, which I had taken!  Again the impulse to return swept over me. I am going round now to see it. The 
conversation was amazingly indiscreet. Rolling pasture lands curved upward on either side of us, and old gabled houses peeped out from amid the thick green foliage, but behind the peaceful and sunlit countryside there rose ever, dark against the evening sky, the long, gloomy curve of the moor, broken by the jagged and sinister hills. The wagonette swung round into a side road, and we curved upward through deep lanes worn by centuries of wheels, high banks on either side, heavy with dripping moss and fleshy hart's-tongue ferns. "Let's hear again how he 
squealed," they cried. None of them knew the man; but there is eternal drama in 
a killing, and they had shown the Scowrers of Gilmerton that the Vermissa men were to be relied upon. There had been one contretemps; for a man and his wife had 
driven up while they were still emptying their revolvers into the silent body. "  "Your experience has been a most entertaining one," remarked Holmes as his client paused and refreshed his memory with a huge pinch of snuff. "  "It is such men as he," retorted Micheldene, "who are like rats in a wheat-rick or moths in a woolfels, a harm and a hindrance to all peaceful and honest men. "The police imagine, I take it, that this Fitzroy Simpson, having drugged the lad, and having in some way obtained a duplicate key, opened the stable door and took out the horse, with the intention, apparently, of kidnapping him altogether. "  At this solemn indictment the novice raised his hand and twitched his lip, while even the placid senior brothers glanced across at each other and coughed to cover their amusement. "You are the surer, Watkin," said Aylward, standing by them with shaft upon string. "Positive!" cried both detectives. "Then, of course, this blood 
belongs to a second individual--[8] presumably the murderer, if murder has been committed. "Well, well, I'm only 
puttin' it as an argument," said Lord John. We may take it that the letter came 
out of this strange household and was an invitation to Garcia to carry out some attempt which had already been planned. A young woman opened the door, who proved to be Mrs. "I have come for the king," whispered Sir Nigel; "and, by Saint Paul! 
he must back with us or I must bide here. "  "But this man--your friend--has he any other person that he would be likely to write to?"  "Well, I dare say he knows one or two more. You will, I am sure, agree with me 
that if the page be given, the number of the chapter is immaterial. It took a man to get between you and the poor devils of men and women that you held under your grip. It was the worst enemy I had among them all--one who has been after me like a hungry wolf after a caribou all these years. Events 
proved that I had judged correctly. "Having left the house, I proceeded to do 
what Gregson had neglected. The first message submitted to me was so short that it was impossible for me to do more than to say, with some confidence, that the symbol XXX stood for E. Presently it was thrown 
open with a whining of hinges, and we could dimly see the dark outline of a man's head and shoulders looking out into the gloom. Crouching together in the angle of the door, we kept our 
eyes fixed upon the mirror. There were, as I say, five of them, two being adults and 
three young ones. Yet I hold that the true art of my craft lies as much in the furnace as in the brush. I'll never get the sight of that room out of my mind 
so long as I live. Then you hand over to me three quarters of what you earn, and you keep the other quarter for yourself. "A side-slip," I suggested. She came with the 
intention of possessing herself of certain documents which were in your bureau. "Why do you 
say that?" she asked. "I trust, sir, that my name will have other and more 
personal claims upon posterity," said Challenger, severely. "We shall recompense you for the loss of your time. "That was the view which I took of it, though Brother Bartholomew could not altogether see it in that light. "Yes, that is final," I 
involuntarily echoed. Pray don't think it a liberty if I give you a word of friendly warning. "  "I could not sleep that night. The professional shook his head over our confessed burglary. Now, Nigel, it is great joy to me to have seen one of whom I have often heard. "  It was an old rickety door and gave at once before our united strength. Passing under a low door, and down a stone-flagged passage, they found themselves in a long narrow hall lit up by a pair of blazing torches, one at either end. 
Sherlock Holmes was well known to the force, and the two constables at the door saluted him. To his sombre and cynical spirit all popular applause was always abhorrent, and nothing amused him more at the end of a successful case than to hand over the actual exposure to some orthodox official, and to listen with a mocking smile to the general chorus of misplaced congratulation. "   Lord John had placed his watch upon the table beside him. Is that not enough?"  Yes, Mrs. Here it is:  "Ask for Pompey from Jeremy Dixon, Trinity College. Henry Baker, the gentleman with the bad hat and all the other characteristics with which I have bored you. B. " at the foot of a column like 
that?  But what drivel I am writing!  It is just an attempt to pass the weary time. His good-humor returned and he laughed. 

"The circumstances connected with the death of Sir Charles 

cannot be said to have been entirely cleared up by the 

inquest, but at least enough has been done to dispose of 

those rumours to which local superstition has given rise. One Murphy, a gipsy 
horse-dealer, was on 

the moor at no great distance at the time, but he appears 

by his own confession to have been the worse for drink. "'From the beginning 
there was really nothing to prevent us from taking possession of the ship. The crew were a set of ruffians, specially picked for the job. So does the card on the body, which might have been prepared in the house. And 
now come the ape-men and the Indian. Huxtable, when you have consumed that milk, you will 
kindly tell me what has happened, when it happened, how it happened, and, finally, what Dr. 
Thorneycroft Huxtable, of the Priory School, near Mackleton, has to do with the matter, and why he comes three days after an event--the state of your chin gives the date--to ask for my humble services. "  Our visitor had consumed his milk and biscuits. Stanley Hopkins swore between 
his teeth, and struck his thigh with his clenched hand. "What a fool I have been!" he cried. "  "My dear fellow, it would be a colossal task. "If I used my own some of these dunderheads would recognize it, and want to meddle in the affair. "  I relapsed into my chair. In some manner he had learned of my own sad bereavement, and his sympathy was shown in his manner rather than in his words. These are only a few indications, but they may assist you. Having an English job to do, they 
took into partnership, as any foreign criminal could do, this great consultant in crime. That is all clear enough, 
but there was much that was still obscure. They may be darned sharp, but they're not quite sharp enough to catch a Washoe hunter. "Here are young chips from an old bow stave!" 
cried the soldier in great delight. Suddenly, however, a flash of intelligence had come over his sodden features, and he rose and staggered for the door. One month India lay as still and peaceful, to all appearance, as Surrey or Kent; the next there were two hundred thousand black devils let loose, and the country was a perfect hell. After struggling against it until two in the morning, I felt that it was quite hopeless, so I rose and lit the candle with the intention of continuing a novel which I was reading. "Well, I have been here a month now. Things are going to happen in this valley. You don't imagine that he seriously believes all this nonsense about a change in the ether and a danger to the human race?  Was ever such a cock-and-bull story in this life?"  He sat like an old white raven, croaking and shaking with sardonic laughter. '  "It was in vain that she protested and resisted. It's all very appropriate to Mrs. They forgot the water and the trees. Following the tracks, we had left the morass and passed through a screen of brushwood and trees. She was a bright, vivacious, dark-eyed lady, more French than English in her type. I glanced at 
my companion, and his face had assumed such a disconsolate expression that it was all I could do to keep my countenance. "  "And then?"  "By the purest chance Blessington was out on each occasion. For five minutes 
he was silent. Finally he thrust the sharp point home, pressed down the tiny piston, and sank back into the velvet-lined arm-chair with a long sigh of satisfaction. The doctor had departed to his patients, and only the inspector and myself remained. There was a glass of 
water on the table, and on the window-sill a small chip ointment box containing a couple of pills. All this 
was novel and strange to the cloister-bred youth; but most interesting of all was the motley circle of guests who sat eating their collops round the blaze. I went round to my 
employer, found him in the same dismantled kind of room, and was told to keep at it until Wednesday, and then come again. How quiet and sweet and wholesome the garden looked in the moonlight, and it could not be more than thirty feet down. "  "Well, well, if it was fastened the steps could have nothing to do with the matter. "  "It could not have been on the side of the heath, or I should have seen him. "There was the taking of the sea-rovers, and the holding of the keep against the Jacks. "Here is a hole in the side two ells across, the sail split through the centre, and the wood as bare as a friar's poll. This is what began it all. When I tell you that his shoes were square-toed instead of being 
pointed like Blessington's, and were quite an inch and a third longer than the doctor's, you will acknowledge that there can be no doubt as to his individuality. The idea was at least worth testing; so with the help of Ames, who admitted me to the room, and the crook of Dr. The shadow of a man who was seated in a chair within was thrown in hard, black outline upon the luminous screen of the window. His native accent rattled like a stick upon railings. I stared in amazement, but he gave me no chance for questions. ]  Sherlock Holmes was a man who seldom took exercise for exercise's sake. ": the 
period should be a comma, as in later editions. " But there is a gap in the text at this point, and, given the context, it may have actually been an interjection, a dash. "  "Exactly. "Gentlemen, I beg that you will be frank with me. What effect will these events have upon London and North-Western Railway shares?"  We should have laughed had it not been for the tragic eagerness with which she listened for our answer. Instantly five of them threw up their hands and fell prostrate upon the deck. "You've hurt me!" said a childish voice 
reproachfully. Holmes," she cried, "else how could you know all that?"  "Never mind," said Holmes, laughing; "it is my business to know things. "Anything further to say?"  "Only to ask what charge you intend to prefer?"  "What charge, sir? Why, of course, the attempted murder of Mr. He was left with good prospects, but he threw away his chances, lived for some time in poverty with occasional short intervals of prosperity, and finally, taking to drink, he died. "What do you mean, Mr. "It looks like a flight. "I 
would fain stay here forever amid all these beautiful things--" staring hard at the blushing Tita as he spoke--"but we must be back at our lord's hostel ere he reach it. Holmes," 
said our emissary, the discharged gardener. "It seems to me that I have been making a 
fool of myself from the beginning. As I sat there in sad but thoughtful silence----"  "In silence!" cried Lord John. The men had drawn down their hats and turned up 
their collars to screen their faces. It was malicious, horrible, with two small red eyes as bright as points of burning coal. Our blinds were 
half-drawn, and Holmes lay curled upon the sofa, reading and re-reading a letter which he had received by the morning post. But it was different out upon the rose-tinted waters of the central lake. The moon shone clear above 

them, and they rode swiftly abreast, taking that course 

which the maid must needs have taken if she were to reach 

her own home. "What is it?" we both cried. "The question is, what can you make 
people believe that you have done. We must see what further cards we have in our hands and play them with decision. I went to the altar with him with 
the intention to make him just as good a wife as it was in me to be. So far so good. Bird and maid, however, had but little chance against their assailant who, laughing loudly, caught her wrist in one hand while he drew her towards him with the other. "The best rose has ever the longest thorns," said he. 
Holmes," said he. "There is nothing there, no sign that anyone has landed--but why should he leave any sign?"  "Exactly. "  "Nay, nay," said the knight, "these were not feats of arms, but mere wayside ventures and the chances of travel. "I am for west," remarked the 
plain-clothes man. " With those words he took his hat and started off down the street. "Was it your custom always to 
lock yourselves in at night?"  "Always. "No, no, the yew alley is on the other side. "It is always awkward doing business with an alias. The diagram upon it appears to be a plan of part of a large building with numerous halls, corridors, and passages. A roar of acclamation greeted the four adventurers as they appeared, high above the heads of the people, under the vivid electric lamps outside the hall. It was a very long street of two-story brick houses, neat and prim, with whitened stone steps and little groups of aproned women gossiping at the doors. But this should puzzle 'em. He could hardly totter. "  "I see. A Spaniard would write to a Spaniard in Spanish. A double issue seemed to rest upon their 
contest, for their personal fame was at stake as well as their party's honor. We have never shaken him off. There we found Mr. Next morning they had passed Belle Isle, and ran through the midst of a fleet of transports returning from Guienne. The fog still hung about and screened us with its friendly shade. "  He smiled serenely. "By my ten finger-bones! it would be a strange thing if we could not notch a mark at that distance. No use makin' a sally and bringin' 
him in?"  "It would be absolute madness," cried Summerlee. I turned the handle and 
walked in. "  "Nay, mon gar. It had already a strong, natural tilt in the direction of the plateau, so that the matter was not difficult. "  "But the eyeglasses?"  "Ah! I am only a student--a man of dreams. The thick-iron ferrule is worn 
down, so it is evident that he has done a great amount of walking with it. What did you think of Miss Harrison?"  "A girl of strong character. But, indeed, lady, I am torn both ways, and can scarce grasp in my mind what it is that has befallen. There was 
a sharp crack, and we were in a heap upon the ground with coils of rope all over us. "Good lack!" cried Sir Nigel, and "Good lack!" 
cried his lady, while John stood laughing and wiping the caked dirt from his fingers. Holmes put his finger on his lips, replaced his hand in his breast pocket, and burst out laughing as we turned down the street. The book will prove that. Yet the long journey and the accumulated terrors had shaken the hearts of the stoutest among them. I am 
told that at Calais they made dints in the wall that a man might put his head into. King, the cook, 
again. When you said that, did you mean that it seemed to you to be louder than the second one?"  "Well, sir, it wakened me from my sleep, so it is hard to judge. He opened the 
door himself, however, and greeted me with a great show of cordiality. He is one of two who have a key of 
the safe. Thus day followed day; and as sure as morning came he found that his unseen enemies had kept their register, and had marked up in some conspicuous position how many days were still left to him out of the month of grace. His wife, too, was popular with those who had made her 
acquaintance; though, after the English fashion, the callers upon a stranger who settled in the county without introductions were few and far between. "They 
have laid the supper, then," he said, rubbing his hands. Even as it is, it is a great pleasure to have seen them. We are, in truth, as far from 
any human aid as if we were in the moon. What think you of it, my worthy 
Captal? He took you at Cocherel, and, by my soul! you will have the chance now to pay that score. There were two guides given us to start with, an oak and an elm. I will give you a proof of my 
knowledge. I hope to God you'll be able to tell me. Oberstein offered me five thousand. We must bear in mind that Oberstein has gone to the Continent to dispose of his booty, but not with any idea of flight; for he had no reason to fear a warrant, and the idea of an amateur domiciliary visit would certainly never occur to him. Would you mind touching the bell?  There is no one in the house except old Martha, who has played her part to admiration. I should be delighted to 
look into any problem which you might submit to me. I was lifted lightly from the ground, and I felt an intolerable pressure forcing my head back and back until the strain upon the cervical spine was more than I could bear. "  "It's as well," said the old man; "it's a question whether I shall live to the Assizes, so it matters little to me, but I should wish to spare Alice the shock. "  "How long was it before you went to bed?"  "My wife had gone to the theatre. "The higher the steed the greater the fall. "Watson, your country-trip has been a distinct success. I have had a charming morning. We soothed and 
comforted her by such words as we could find. "Make them wait till to-morrow, Zambo," I shouted; "then I 
can send letter back by them. "  "Very good, sarr! I promise they wait till to-morrow," said the negro. "By St. 
Paul! I have no great love for them," quoth Sir Nigel. But while the Socman 
lives----Ha, by my soul! if this is not Sir Oliver's step I am the more mistaken. "I am 
compelled, to begin with, to say something of my own college career. There's just room for five, as I remember it. Everything is carried to a certain door, 
which forms the one connection. "How long is this to last?" asked the inspector finally. 
Let him pick up his glove and say that he has done amiss. But, holy Mother! I had forgot the pasty, and it will be as scorched as Judas Iscariot! Come, Nigel, lest the foul fiend get the better of me again. Paul! 
we must on, or our Company will think that they have lost their captain somewhat early in the venture. But while the 
Socman lives----Ha, by my soul! if this is not Sir Oliver's step I am the more mistaken. Unique, 
perfectly unique, and yet why not?  I do not see any indications of bleeding on the line. "  "There were hardly any. Smith, for I wanted a steam launch, and I have heard good reports of the--Let me see, what is her name?"  "The Aurora, sir. It would be quite bright, and people would be about in an hour or so. Even the names have been altered in our accounts, and I am very sure that no one, from the most careful study of them, could come within a thousand miles of our unknown land. Only once did 
McMurdo see him, a sly, little gray-haired rat of a man, with a slinking gait and a sidelong glance which was charged with malice. The next he was gripped at the back of his neck by a grasp of iron, and a chloroformed sponge was held in front of his writhing face. There is no vehicle save a dog-cart which throws up mud in that way, and then only when you sit on the left-hand side of the driver. It was enough to make a man eat his heart out to have to stand the kick and the cuff of every petty jack-in-office, to have rice to eat and water to drink, when that gorgeous fortune was ready for him outside, just waiting to be picked up. Through the growing gloom there pulsed the red glow of the furnaces on the sides of the hills. Once or twice he caught the sound of his own name, and he knew that they were discussing his candidacy. When he rose, however, Alleyne observed that his robe was much too long and loose for him in every direction, trailing upon the ground and bagging about his ankles, so that even with trussed-up skirts he could make little progress. The candles and the fire must have burned out hours before, and they had been sitting there in the dark until dawn had broken. An enormous depression was weighing upon my spirits. 
Holmes crouched back against the wall, and I did the same, my hand closing upon the handle of my revolver. I can't sleep for fright. Then I walked down to my cab and found that there was nobody about, and that the night was still very wild. H. N. ' 
were the initials of a broker, and that 'C. It is a little place near the 
borders of Oxfordshire, and within seven miles of Reading. Two hansoms were standing 
at the door, and as I entered the passage I heard the sound of voices from above. Christopher upon the sail, 
and brushed three of Sir Oliver's men-at-arms from the forecastle. The breeze blew, the sail 
bellied, over heeled the portly vessel, and away she plunged through the smooth blue rollers, amid the clang of the minstrels on her poop and the shouting of the black crowd who fringed the yellow beach. And it shone upon something else 
which turned our hearts sick and faint within us--the body of Sir Henry Baskerville!  There was no chance of either of us forgetting that peculiar ruddy tweed suit--the very one which he had worn on the first morning that we had seen him in Baker Street. "  "What! you don't mean to say--?"  "That's just what I do mean to say. How could you think so much of a smear of pigments, when there was such a picture painted by the good God himself in the very room with you? But who is this?"  "If it please you, sirs," said an archer, running across to them, "Aylward and others would be right glad to see you. There was a double stream upon the stair, some going up in hope, and some coming back dejected; but we wedged in as well as we could and soon found ourselves in the office. You are aware that the Underground runs clear of 
tunnels at some points in the West End. "  He picked out from his bundle a copy of the local Herefordshire paper, and having turned down the sheet he pointed out the paragraph in which the unfortunate young man had given his own statement of what had occurred. Smith," said Holmes, shrugging his shoulders, 
"You are frightening yourself about nothing. How could you possibly tell that it was the wooden-legged man who came in the night?  I don't quite understand how you can be so sure. I think it is safe to say that things can 
never be quite the same again. As I touched the lever my heart leaped within me. "  "Nigel!" cried Sir Simon Burley, hurrying up with consternation upon his face, "Aylward tells me that there are not ten-score arrows left in all their sheaves. This fellow is a perfect savage, as strong as a cart-horse and as fierce as the devil. But we shall have horrors 
enough before the night is over; for goodness' sake let us have a quiet pipe and turn our minds for a few hours to something more cheerful. "It's this way, Watson," said he at last. "Just see how it glints and sparkles. The fellow came forward with a somewhat 
sullen, defiant air, and put down his hands to assist. Finding that their secret was out, and that their prisoner was not to be coerced, the two villains with the girl had fled away at a few hours' notice from the furnished house which they had hired, having first, as they thought, taken vengeance both upon the man who had defied and the one who had betrayed them. Suddenly my 
companion's voice broke in upon my thoughts. It was the site of an old encampment, with several empty Chicago meat tins, a bottle labeled "Brandy," a broken tin-opener, and a quantity of other travelers' debris. The latter looked out with three tiers of vacant melancholy windows, which were blank and dreary, save that here and there a "To Let" card had developed like a cataract upon the bleared panes. After this I went to see Melville, at whose house I had first met Garcia, but I found that he really knew rather less about him than I did. If I were to go back to camp to change my weapon I could hardly expect to enter and to leave again without being seen. Huxtable, it would be well to allow the people in your neighbourhood to imagine that the inquiry is still going on in Liverpool, or wherever else that red herring led your pack. In the meantime I will do a little quiet work at your own doors, and perhaps the scent is not so cold but that two old hounds like Watson and myself may get a sniff of it. Every plant, even the 
smaller ones, curls and writhes to the green surface, twining itself round its stronger and taller brethren in the effort. Every stave well nocked. She was never engaged to me. She died of typhoid the year before I met him. It might be thought that as a member, all the 
doings of the society would be told to him; but he was soon to discover that the organization was wider and more complex than the simple lodge. That is where he would fly. 
Can we for our present practical needs get any further than that?"  "We may form some conception as to the motives of the crime. Hosmer Angel?"  "He was a very shy man, Mr. "Missing," it said, "on the morning of the 
fourteenth, a gentleman named Hosmer Angel. About five ft. You saw her return by the kitchen door, I presume?"  "Yes; when I went to see if the door was fastened for the night I met her slipping in. "  "When did he say this?"  "When he left me. There he called a cab and drew Mycroft's paper from his pocket. There are some bits that will come home to you, Mr. We carried the box, therefore, into the same hall where we had buried the body, and there, under certain bricks in the best-preserved wall, we made a hollow and put our treasure. Who do you give your casting vote to?"  "You are all wrong. Well, if you really want to know, I got them from Gelder & Co. "  A drive of a couple of miles through narrow country lanes brought us to a park gate, which was opened for us by an old lodge-keeper, whose haggard face bore the reflection of some great disaster. On the sixth day we 
completed our first circuit of the cliffs, and found ourselves back at the first camp, beside the isolated pinnacle of rock. Then I brought it round to Mr. I had driven some distance when I put my hand into the pocket in which I usually kept Lucy's ring, and found that it was not there. What else is there to live for?  Stand at the window here. "  "And what is your conclusion?"  "Only that it is a remarkable cow which walks, canters, and gallops. Their 
reason for choosing so unusual an hour for a consultation was obviously to insure that there should be no other patient in the waiting-room. In an instant he, too, was in the Garonne, striking out with powerful strokes for his late foeman. "This is the 'Mouton d'Or,'" said Aylward, as they pulled 
up their horses at a whitewashed straggling hostel. I turned, and found that he was 
examining with great interest the tree to which I clung. "  "Very good, Barrymore. "It was surely well for man that he came late in the 
order of creation. Of his own people he hath brought together, as I learn, some fifty thousand, with twelve thousand of the French free companies, who are, as you know very valiant and expert men-at-arms. Besides, I can read 
in a man's eye when it is his own skin that he is frightened for. "  "How about poison?"  "The doctors examined her for it, but without success. But how on earth do you 
deduce that the gas is not laid on in his house?"  "One tallow stain, or even two, might come by chance; but when I see no less than five, I think that there can be little doubt that the individual must be brought into frequent contact with burning tallow--walks upstairs at night probably with his hat in one hand and a guttering candle in the other. We have learned the truth in sorrow and in suffering. "It's worth trying, Watson," said Holmes. 
She's wearing away under it--just wearing away before my eyes. "  "Is she?" cried Baldwin. "  "Could you ring him up?--thank you! And I should be glad to have change of this five-pound note. Indeed, he smoked very little, and yet he might have kept some tobacco for his friends. The knight, however, was too 
much intent upon the matter in hand to give heed to the flippancy of his squire. 

"They had gone a mile or two when they passed one of the 

night shepherds upon the moorlands, and they cried to 

him to know if he had seen the hunt. A STUDY IN SCARLET. Holmes drove in 
silence, with his head sunk upon his breast, and the air of a man who is lost in thought, while I sat beside him, curious to learn what this new quest might be which seemed to tax his powers so sorely, and yet afraid to break in upon the current of his thoughts. "  "Consider the facts, sir. The group of trees, with their dark leaves shining like burnished metal in the light of the setting sun, were sufficient to mark the house even had Miss Hunter not been standing smiling on the door-step. This murder would have been infinitely more difficult to unravel had the body of the victim been simply found lying in the roadway without any of those _outr_ and sensational accompaniments which have rendered it remarkable. When our friends left I at once followed them in the hopes of marking down their invisible attendant. No cleaner job had ever been 
carried out in the bloodstained annals of the society. But alas that work so well 
organized and boldly carried out should all have gone for nothing! Warned by the fate of the various victims, and knowing that he was marked down for destruction, Chester Wilcox had moved himself and his family only the day before to some safer and less known quarters, where a guard of police should watch over them. There is a 
strong presumption that the person whom McCarthy expected to meet him at Boscombe Pool was someone who had been in Australia. "  I had listened with the greatest interest to the statement which Holmes, with characteristic clearness, had laid before me. I suggest that 'D' stands 
for Dolores, a common female name in Spain. Finally, I closed the door of the zareba, lit 
three separate fires in a triangle, and having eaten a hearty supper dropped off into a profound sleep, from which I had a strange and most welcome awakening. A litter of 
pipes, tobacco-pouches, syringes, penknives, revolver-cartridges, and other debris was scattered over it. The face had vanished, but presently it was up again, more frantic than before. His bolt struck the 
stork just where its wing meets the body, and the bird whirled aloft in a last convulsive flutter before falling wounded and flapping to the earth. Fraser, the tutor, died however, and the 
school which had begun well sank from disrepute into infamy. The Vandeleurs found it convenient to change their name to Stapleton, and he brought the remains of his fortune, his schemes for the future, and his taste for entomology to the south of England. He had long nerved himself to the sacrifice, however, and the thought of the honour and happiness of his daughter outweighed any regret at his ruined fortunes. When 
he was young he became a member of an aristocratic club, and there, having charming manners, he was soon the intimate of a number of men with long purses and expensive habits. First he cleaned, oiled, and loaded his Smith & Wesson revolver. There is the pension to Jim Carnaway's widow. I could see nothing recorded in the shape of crime which was not commonplace and futile. Thank you very much. 
Now let us consider the situation and see what may be deduced from it. But soon he found that that would not answer forever. He said that three of them were essential, and that he must keep them. 'Three I will keep,' said he. 'The others we will 
stuff into the pocket of this young man. Alas, his warning was too late! In a moment the creature, beating and bumping along the wall like a huge moth within a gas-shade, came upon the opening, squeezed its hideous bulk through it, and was gone. Professor Challenger fell back into his chair with his face buried in his hands, while the audience gave one long, deep sigh of relief as they realized that the incident was over. Summerlee appeared to be confusing the Amazon with the Thames; that it was in reality a somewhat larger river; that Mr. I will not disguise from you that there are difficulties and dangers. They might have been a father with his two sons. "I had a little talk with old Cunningham 
afterwards as to the motive of the crime. Then, of course, she might give us very important information, but I was not sanguine that she would. The German, 
though he reeled for an instant before the thrust of the Englishman, struck his opponent so fairly upon the vizor that the laces burst, the plumed helmet flew to pieces, and Sir Nigel galloped on down the lists with his bald head shimmering in the sunshine. "Now then, Mr. The 
others gave back, and gathered in a half circle round the open door, gnashing their teeth and shaking their clenched hands at the defenders. "  I was annoyed at this criticism of a work which had been specially designed to please him. "It is said, though I can scarce bring myself to believe it, that they will send a ball twice as far as a bowman can shoot his shaft, and with such force as to break through armor of proof. It was evident, however, that I could not do this if I were with you, since he would be keenly on his guard. "  "A man's surely," I cried. "We do not need your good offices as herald here, 
Sir John," said he in a low but clear voice; "these valiant knights are very well known to me. But 
for that one trace, we might have thought that our imaginations had conjured up that wild, fierce face. That is the man who is after me to-night Watson, and that is the man who is quite unaware that we are after him. Up to now it has been capricious in the 
places which it has attacked, but the difference is only a matter of a few hours, and it is like an advancing tide which covers one strip of sand and then another, running hither and thither in irregular streams, until at last it has submerged it all. "  The man's face set in sullen defiance. A flush of colour sprang to Holmes's 
pale cheeks, and he bowed to us like the master dramatist who receives the homage of his audience. Fairbank 
was a good-sized square house of white stone, standing back a little from the road. A double carriage-sweep, with a snow-clad lawn, stretched down in front to two large iron gates which closed the entrance. Opposite the door was a showy fireplace, surmounted 
by a mantelpiece of imitation white marble. In the corner, between the bookcase and the wall, 
there stood a tall, green safe, the firelight flashing back from the polished brass knobs upon its face. De Borhunte was up in the east, and Sir John de Montague in the west. Sir Luke de Ponynges, Sir Thomas West, Sir Maurice de Bruin, Sir Arthur Lipscombe, Sir Walter Ramsey, and stout Sir Oliver Buttesthorn were all marching south with levies from Andover, Arlesford, Odiham and Winchester, while from Sussex came Sir John Clinton, Sir Thomas Cheyne, and Sir John Fallislee, with a troop of picked men-at-arms, making for their port at Southampton. I and Sir William Felton will hold the centre with our men-at-arms. It had wandered on 
to the moor and had never come back. "  "But Holmes said that he was not going to Briarbrae. I will make the 
announcement later. Then, having given him the idea that the coast was clear, I kept guard as I have described. "She's a beautiful woman--a very beautiful woman," said 
MacDonald thoughtfully, after the door had closed behind her. "This man Barker has certainly been down here a good deal. "It is fortunate for this community 
that I am not a criminal. During that time I have lived happily at Horsham, and I had begun to hope that this curse had passed away from the family, and that it had ended with the last generation. It was with some surprise, therefore, that I saw him walk into my consulting-room upon the evening of April 24th. 
Grimesby Roylott which tend to make the matter even more terrible than the truth. The boy had some slight difficulty in undoing the heavy iron gates, and we heard the hoarse roar of the doctor's voice and saw the fury with which he shook his clinched fists at him. "How now, Don Martin de la Carra?" he 
cried. "I should be very glad now to go upstairs," said he. But it is the 
tobacco which I find most irksome. "  "Well, you see me. We have no proof that the person who came back was the person who went out. Gilchrist, how you, an honourable man, ever came to 
commit such an action as that of yesterday?"  The unfortunate young man staggered back, and cast a look full of horror and reproach at Bannister. "No, no, Mr. "  "It is only a suggestion," said Holmes, suavely. And pray what did you hope to arrive at through this?"  "At some evidence implicating Flora Millar in the disappearance. Mortimer, and 
Frankland, of Lafter Hall, let me end on that which is most important and tell you more about the Barrymores, and especially about the surprising development of last night. They have looked 
after the Hall for four generations now. At the same instant a tall, loose-framed 
young man with a clean-shaved, earnest face advanced eagerly towards the pit head. There were a thousand 
lives to save, but it was of only one that I was thinking when I dropped over the wall that night. "  "There are Frenchmen among them, my fair lord," remarked Black Simon. "Am I to 
be put off with words? I say to you again, how of the clams and scallops?"  "My fair sir, you flatter me," cried the mayor. "Is a hairless infant to raise 
his tongue against me, when I have sung in every fair from Tweed to Trent, and have twice been named aloud by the High Court of the Minstrels at Beverley? I shall sing no more to-night. "He is dead," cried several voices. I am Emilia Lucca, and 
we are both from New York. "  "What are these treasures, then, father?" asked Hordle John. "Your theory 
holds together. But I should be glad that you should add this case to your annals, for there are points in it which make it quite unique in the criminal records of this or, I believe, of any other country. When I came down, Mr. "It is easy to see that your 
experience has been no common one, Mr. Who would have hurt little Elsie? I may have threatened her--God forgive me!--but I would not have touched a hair of her pretty head. "  "Nigh upon ten thousand," said one of the young men; "we are the persecuted children of God--the chosen of the Angel Merona. Watson. The 
weather has been so very warm these last few days. Which of them, then, had access to that dish without the maid seeing them?  "Before deciding that question I had grasped the significance of the silence of the dog, for one true inference invariably suggests others. He is 
the one with the worst record. He spoke little of his own exploits in Brazil and Peru, but it was a revelation to me to find the excitement which was caused by his presence among the riverine natives, who looked upon him as their champion and protector. It was that of a bearded man, but the beard was short and bristled forward in a way very different from that of the captain. I know that it will seem then to be some wild nightmare, some delirium of fever. Here it is, and you can read for 
yourself. He knows, if he knows anything, that he will have a deeficulty in making his escape, as the house is surrounded with water. Only when I pressed the cold muzzle of the 
revolver to his temple did he at last understand that resistance was vain. Sherlock Holmes. It 
may be remembered that after my marriage, and my subsequent start in private practice, the very intimate relations which had existed between Holmes and myself became to some extent modified. In an instant the Lady Maude 
had turned upon her two blazing eyes and a face which was blanched with anger. "Work is the best antidote to sorrow, my dear Watson," said he; "and I have a piece of work for us both to-night which, if we can bring it to a successful conclusion, will in itself justify a man's life on this planet. " In vain I begged him to tell me more. "For some days I have exerted my whole brain force upon the problem of how we shall descend from these cliffs. Sherlock Holmes," he said, stepping into the room and handing my friend the letter. I stood upon the hearth-rug and picked up the stick which our visitor had left behind him the night before. Luckily for me, 
my company sergeant, John Holder, was in the water at the same time, and he was one of the finest swimmers in the service. A crocodile took me, just as I was half-way across, and nipped off my right leg as clean as a surgeon could have done it, just above the knee. Who were these German people, and 
what were they doing living in this strange, out-of-the-way place? And where was the place? I was ten miles or so from Eyford, that was all I knew, but whether north, south, east, or west I had no idea. I am a stranger in London. King, the cook, again. When you said that, did you mean that it seemed to you to be louder than the second one?"  "Well, sir, it wakened me from my sleep, so it is hard to judge. For once he 
dug in vain into that mine of varied information. Alone I had thought of it, and alone I had done it; and here was the chart which would save us a month's blind groping among unknown dangers. Each of them shook me solemnly by the hand. And yet our minds were happy and at ease. We lunch at Swindon, and I see 
that we shall be there in twenty minutes. No sound, no heat, no movement came from it, but still the great luminous curtain glowed before us, silvering all the cave and turning the sand to powdered jewels, until as we drew closer it discovered a circular edge. "  Once more, however, my friend was destined to be disappointed. If there be so 
much as a shadow of a doubt as to the form of it, it were a thousand times best----"  "Peace! peace!" cried the prince impatiently. Nor can it be denied that many 

of the family have been unhappy in their deaths, which 

have been sudden, bloody, and mysterious. Yet may we 

shelter ourselves in the infinite goodness of Providence, 

which would not forever punish the innocent beyond that 

third or fourth generation which is threatened in Holy 

Writ. It ill becomes me to prate too much of what I have endured for the faith, and yet, since you have observed it, I must tell you that this thickness and roundness of the waist is caused by a dropsy brought on by over-haste in journeying from the house of Pilate to the Mount of Olives. We did a Catharine-wheel together down the passage. With his brutal and violent nature, 
others would have to pay the price if we held our hands. "  "One moment--one moment!" cried a querulous voice, and we looked up to find a queer little old man, jerking and twitching in the doorway. "Pass on 
the other side of the road, fellow, and let us have the wind of you. It would be well that we should seem to be a merchant-ship from Southampton and appear to flee from them. Barclay returned home, having left Miss Morrison at her door as she passed. "  "In that case, of course, I'd come forward. "  "Impossible, I say. "Have I not given to the common fund? Have I not attended at the Temple? Have I not----?"  "Where are your wives?" asked Young, looking round him. "Why? What do you 
mean?"  "Because you have just as good a chance of finding this lady in the one as in the other. "  Lestrade shot an angry glance at my companion. That's our business. Holmes. He 
gnawed his lip, drummed his fingers upon the table, and showed every other symptom of acute impatience. "Yes," I said, 
peering through it, "a large bird stands on the tree. "  There was a murmur of astonishment through the hall. No doubt many feet have 
been here since Monday night. You always find me when you want. You would think 
that it must be forever desert. "  "And how did you verify them?"  "Having once spotted my man, it was easy to get corroboration. It is a piece 
of tarred twine. He would say nothing of the case, and it was from the papers that I learned the particulars of the inquest, and the arrest with the subsequent release of John Mitton, the valet of the deceased. I think he had gone a bit off his head at the suddenness of it, for he raged and cursed at them like a lunatic. I am six feet high, and I could do it with an effort. I know now that 
I cannot have the use of it, and I know that they cannot. "  "How so?" I asked. "  "Were they nervous people?  Did they ever show any apprehension of coming danger?"  "Nothing of the kind. "  "But Mr. "Can you remember, Ames, what Mr. McMurdo?"  "Sure. "  "I can't forget that I spoke my heart to you once, and that you kept it to yourself, even though the Boss himself came to ask you about it. Then there 
is no more to be done in the matter. Finally one of them, an elderly man, with a necklace and bracelet of great lustrous glass beads and the skin of some beautiful mottled amber-colored animal slung over his shoulders, ran forward and embraced most tenderly the youth whom we had saved. In the 
morning Lord John and I made our way for a couple of miles through the forest, keeping parallel with the stream; but as it grew ever shallower we returned and reported, what Professor Challenger had already suspected, that we had reached the highest point to which the canoes could be brought. "  "In God's name, what does it all mean?" I asked. "I do _not_ acquiesce," said 
Summerlee firmly. "  "And I am strongly of the same opinion," said he. Can you see those tracks upon the path?"  "Yes, I can. "  "Tut, tut, we have solved some worse problems. The jugglers were on their 
heads once more, bounding about with rigid necks, playing the while in perfect time and tune. Mortimer's surmise should 
be correct, and we are dealing with forces outside the ordinary laws of Nature, there is an end of our investigation. "  "And, now, gentlemen," said the baronet with decision, "it seems to me that I have spoken quite enough about the little that I know. "We have found 
traces which show that a party of gypsies encamped on Monday night within a mile of the spot where the murder took place. Now we are 
fresh and well, so it is all cheerful once more. "I fear that you think me callous and hard-hearted," 
said she. What say you, Simon?"  "By the rood!" cried the fierce man-at-arms, "I will see the color of their blood ere I turn my mare's head for the mountains. "  I laughed at this cross-examination. I shall have the others, but he first. 
"If there's a vacant place for a chief of the police, I reckon you are the man for it," he said, gazing with undisguised admiration at my fellow-lodger. "Poison," said Sherlock Holmes curtly, and strode off. "One 
other thing, Lestrade," he added, turning round at the door: "'Rache,' is the German for 'revenge;' so don't lose your time looking for Miss Rachel. "You can wait, 
Austin. They were found floating near the margin by a park-keeper. They talk the drum talk to each other. You could not have made any slip in coming?"  "I did exactly what you advised. Will you be ready to-morrow?'  "'Certainly,' I answered. Holmes," said the inspector, earnestly. "No wonder you get results that are beyond us. Too much afraid. One incident 
occurred, however, before we left the gorge, which is of importance in view of what came afterwards. The other belonged to the dining-room, which was the apartment in which the mysterious affair had occurred. After tripping and stumbling over these lumps of decay, I came suddenly against something hard, and I found that an upright post was firmly fixed in the center of the hollow. The whole disordered appearance of the camp showed that there 
had been some sort of attack, and the rifle-shot no doubt marked the time when it had occurred. "Oh no, there shall be no mistake. "  "What do you make of them?"  "Well, the whole thing hinges upon two points. "He hath no light hand in war, 
hath Sir Robert," said Chandos. Then came your sudden return. Well, I think, 
Doctor, that we may let some light into this dark place, and I believe that the only chance young Openshaw has in the meantime is to do what I have told him. "  "Have you no remembrance of anything remarkable as you came up the hill?"  "Well, I seem to recollect that I was mighty sleepy once. "  "Then, pray, sit down, and let us hear it for there are several points on which I must confess that I am still in the dark. "I can but see an old rusty nail, with bits of stone and slips of wood. " Had he 
discovered a gold mine, greater delight could not have shone upon his features. He had lit his pipe 
and held his slippered feet to the cheerful blaze of the fire. The assembly met in a large room reserved for such purposes at the Union House. I therefore directed my 
attention at once to the garden path, which was saturated with recent rain, and would certainly show any footmarks. Having taken the printed description. The regiment was stationed in India at the time, and before I could join it, the second Afghan war had broken out. A weary-looking 
police-sergeant reclined in the corner. With a wry face I went out into the 
hall and opened the door. Both the guards who held Summerlee were down, and he was staggering about like a drunken man in his amazement, unable to realize that he was a free man. 
Stapleton was talking with animation, but the baronet looked pale and distrait. He was running wildly towards them, his absurd net dangling behind him. It was pitch 
dark and very oppressive under his hood. I then went downstairs, and I 
ascertained, in your presence, Watson, without your perceiving the drift of my remarks, that Professor Coram's consumption of food had increased--as one would expect when he is supplying a second person. I have already explained to you, however, that my career had in any case reached its crisis, and that no possible conclusion to it could be more congenial to me than this. One 
night--it was in June, '89--there came a ring to my bell, about the hour when a man gives his first yawn and glances at the clock. I believe that he would have come all the way had it not been that Dr. It was a fine, thick piece of wood, bulbous-headed, of the sort which is known as a "Penang lawyer. The charwomen are in the habit of taking off their boots at 
the commissionnaire's office, and putting on list slippers. You don't comply with the conditions if you budge from the office during that time. "  "Unless we succeed in establishing an alternative theory, this man is lost. "  He chuckled as he poured out the coffee. McMurdo made a wry face. He was led 
now into an outer room by two solemn brothers. "There is material here. "That circle is drawn at a 
radius of ten miles from the village. I think that you will acknowledge that the problem was already one of interest, but my observations soon made me realize that it was in truth much more extraordinary than would at first sight appear. Our young friend here and you have done most excellently well. Here the dog, frantic with excitement, turned down through the side-gate into the enclosure, where the sawyers were already at work. Aylward, with a fishing 
lass on either arm, was vowing constancy alternately to her on the right and her on the left, while big John towered in the rear with a little chubby maiden enthroned upon his great shoulder, her soft white arm curled round his shining headpiece. So the throng moved on, until at the very gate it was brought to a stand by a wondrously fat man, who came darting forth from the town with rage in every feature of his rubicund face. Down this 
he pushed as fast as he might, hoping at every turn and rise to catch sight of his companions of the morning. There, too, were droves of sheep and bullocks coming in from the outlying pasture lands, and trains of tired immigrants, men and horses equally weary of their interminable journey. Through all this motley assemblage, threading her way with the skill of an accomplished rider, there galloped Lucy Ferrier, her fair face flushed with the exercise and her long chestnut hair floating out behind her. Holmes showed me into a small chamber which looked out into Pall Mall, and then, leaving me for a minute, he came back with a companion whom I knew could only be his brother. We saw you when we returned from Tunbridge Wells last night, and you were in general agreement with our results. "  "Isn't it gorgeous!" said Holmes, grinning over his coffee-cup. It's not a 
take-it-or-miss-it government concern. "  The baronet and I were both upon our feet. "This is very piquant. I may say 
that I was his personal friend as well as his medical attendant. I married, too, and though my wife died young she left me my dear little Alice. It was a 
delicate part which I had to play then, for I saw that a prosecution must be avoided to avert scandal, and I knew that so astute a villain would see that our hands were tied in the matter. It appeared that within a very few minutes of our leaving, an English lady had arrived who was in the last stage of consumption. From the open door there reeked a horrible 
poisonous exhalation which set us gasping and coughing. Our two professors sat in absorbed 
argument, examining piece after piece, which showed the marks of savage teeth and of enormous claws. It was a 
relief to me, after that unnatural restraint, when we at last passed Frankland's house and knew that we were drawing near to the Hall and to the scene of action. All sign of the Indians had passed away, but animal life was more frequent, and the tameness of the creatures showed that they knew nothing of the hunter. Apply in person on Monday, at eleven o'clock, to Duncan Ross, at the offices of the League, 7 Pope's Court, Fleet Street. "  "What on earth does this mean?" I ejaculated after I had twice read over the extraordinary announcement. I don't profess to be a scientific 
man," said I, "though I have heard somewhere that the science of one generation is usually the fallacy of the next. The lady's allusions to her past, and her refusal to take her husband into her confidence, both pointed in that direction. The only approach to the house was 
over a drawbridge, the chains and windlass of which had long been rusted and broken. A weary-looking 
police-sergeant reclined in the corner. As it burned it filled the air with a 
subtle and aromatic odor. He is exceedingly neat and prim in his ways, dresses always with great care in white drill suits and high brown mosquito-boots, and shaves at least once a day. When James determined to kidnap Lord Saltire, it was of this man's service that he availed himself. A dozen convicts, who descended with their pistols in search of him, found him with a match-box in his hand seated beside an open powder-barrel, which was one of a hundred carried on board, and swearing that he would blow all hands up if he were in any way molested. "Once 
more, Sir Oliver," said Sir Nigel, looking shorewards with sparkling eyes, "do we find ourselves at the gate of honor, the door which hath so often led us to all that is knightly and worthy. Now, again, it is the noble, chivalrous Garcia who has fallen, while the monster goes safe. I know that a paper has disappeared. Abdullah Khan, however, thinking that I hesitated, pressed the matter more closely. 
"'Consider, Sahib,' said he, 'that if this man is taken by the commandant he will be hung or shot, and his jewels taken by the government, so that no man will be a rupee the better for them. Now, since we do the taking of him, why should we not do the rest as well? The jewels will be as well with us as in the Company's coffers. Porter, the 
housekeeper, told us that she herself fainted upon entering the room and had afterwards opened the window. Nothing had been stolen or disarranged, and there is absolutely no explanation of what the horror can be which has frightened a woman to death and two strong men out of their senses. "Here we 
are!" said Holmes cheerily as we filed into the room. "Your morning letters, if 
I remember right, were from a fish-monger and a tide-waiter. "Nay, nay, he makes submission!" broke in 
several squires. "  "Then, by the light of heaven! I will ride back for him," cried Sir Nigel. "Why," he shrieked, "you're looking at the wrong side!"  "On the contrary, this is the right side. Who could come to-night? Some friend 
of yours, perhaps?"  "Except yourself I have none," he answered. Well, if you really want to know, 
I got them from Gelder & Co. I hope, gentlemen, that you will come in and have some refreshment. "  "On the contrary," answered the Colonel, warmly, "I consider it the greatest privilege to have been permitted to study your methods of working. The Abbot drew his gray brows low over his fiercely questioning eyes. 
From hour to hour yesterday I expected to hear that he had been found, and that his abductor was the murderer of John Straker. Far away we could hear the deep tones of the parish clock, which boomed out every quarter of an hour. How long they seemed, those quarters! Twelve struck, and one and two and three, and still we sat waiting silently for whatever might befall. "My day is past, and it is for the younger ones to hold what we have gained. I take it unkindly of thee, Samkin, that thou shouldst call all eyes thus upon a broken bowman who could once shoot a fair shaft. "  Holmes looked grave. We could see a tall old woman admit him, and sway with pleasure at the very sight of him. Surely that is clear?"  "But how did they come to be there?"  "I do not think that the problem is a very obscure one," said the Professor; "there can only be one explanation. Desultory readers are seldom 
remarkable for the exactness of their learning. No man burdens his mind with small matters unless he has some very good reason for doing so. Beneath and around them 
blazed the huge fire, roaring and crackling on every side of the bailey, and even as they looked the two corner turrets fell in with a deafening crash, and the whole castle was but a shapeless mass, spouting flames and smoke from every window and embrasure. L. ?"  He thought for a few minutes. "No," said he. "There are a few gipsies and 
labouring folk for whom I can't answer, but among the farmers or gentry there is no one whose initials are those. "When you entered the room there was only a candle lighted on the table, was there not?"  "Yes, that was so. It's the last that have the worst of it. "  "Well, perhaps if both love, it may be different. I have also examined every stable and out-house in Tavistock, and for a radius of ten miles. It's really 
awfully good of you to give me a lift. "  "And stole that very singular collection," said Holmes, thoughtfully. "Let me 
introduce you to Pompey," said he. It was at the first fall of the leaf that the prince set forth, and he passed through Auvergne, and Berry, and Anjou, and Touraine. We do not know. Slowly the shadows darkened over the long, sombre face of the old house. Then my eye traveled to the driver sitting hunched up upon the box and finally to the young man who was leaning out of the window in some excitement and shouting a direction. He's our man then. His 
grandfather was a royal duke, and he himself has been to Eton and Oxford. His age was six and forty, but the constant practice of arms, together with a cleanly life, had preserved his activity and endurance unimpaired, so that from a distance he seemed to have the slight limbs and swift grace of a boy. I was standing watching his 
pursuit with a mixture of admiration for his extraordinary activity and fear lest he should lose his footing in the treacherous mire, when I heard the sound of steps and, turning round, found a woman near me upon the path. " He included us all in a sweeping bow and stalked out of the room. "  "I saw his sketch-book. Then with an effort he mastered himself and spoke on:  "The vicar knew. "Will you come to the meeting?" I asked. "I bear no love for 
you or for your race, and there is nought that I wish at your hands until the day when I see the last sail which bears you back to your island vanishing away against the western sky. He was a 
very valiant man, but at the battle of Brignais he was spitted through the body by a Hainault man-at-arms. I was keenly on my guard against him. '  "I was, as you may think, Watson, horrified at this unexpected news. It must 
be those wretched gipsies in the plantation. She says nothing, but I can see terror in her eyes. "Look at that, 
my friend!" said she. T. ,' scrawled upon it in pencil. Our friend, the doctor, was hard put to it when he wrote this. "  We had, indeed, reached a questionable and forbidding neighborhood. She was a 
blonde young lady, small, dainty, well gloved, and dressed in the most perfect taste. "'Why, if it isn't Mr. I shall want you 
to help me to my freedom, and to help my three companions to theirs. And yet it would be the blackest 
treachery to Holmes to draw back now from the part which he had intrusted to me. If I marry, I do want to marry a famous man!"  "Why should you not?" I cried. In drawing her up from the world, he was day by day being himself dragged down towards it. Moore Agar, of Harley Street, whose dramatic introduction to Holmes I may some day recount, gave positive injunctions that the famous private agent lay aside all his cases and surrender himself to complete rest if he wished to avert an absolute breakdown. The state of his health was not a matter in which he himself took the faintest interest, for his mental detachment was absolute, but he was induced at last, on the threat of being permanently disqualified from work, to give himself a complete change of scene and air. There were twenty Indians from the river, with stakes, ropes, and all that could be useful for bridging the chasm. No sign could we see of the man whom we were chasing. McCarthy was in favour of it. James and I have always loved each other as brother and sister; but of course he is young and has seen very little of life yet, and--and--well, he naturally did not wish to do anything like that yet. "There's a cold-blooded 
scoundrel!" said Holmes, laughing, as he threw himself down into his chair once more. Look at the noises on the moor at 
night. Captain Morstan disappears. "  "We'd do better without you, Captain Marvin," said McGinty coldly; "for we have our own police of the township, and no need for any imported goods. "Jacobs, bring down my despatch-box. This is a farcical waste of time, but still, if nothing else will satisfy you, it shall be done. This carpet. I 
have spoken with this policeman to-night and he appears to me to be a perfectly reliable person. And yet you compromise me by coming here and so showing that there are business relations between us. "  "I expect we've all left some loose ends stickin' out," said Lord John. "  "So would you, if a flock of strangers came in on you when you were preparing for an examination next day, and every moment was of value. I live at Hobson's Patch, and that's here where we are drawing up. For some days Holmes 
came and went at all hours in this attire, but beyond a remark that his time was spent at Hampstead, and that it was not wasted, I knew nothing of what he was doing. Then he bethought him that 
there was one beside him who was fitter to judge on such a matter. I implored his mercy. Holmes, that we are much disturbed at present, and I must ask you to hasten this interview to an end. The Problem    I confess at these words a shudder passed through me. He had himself thrown off his armor, and had dressed himself from head to foot in the harness of the captured Spaniard. It was part of their fiendish system to punish those whom they feared or hated by injuring not only their own persons but those whom they loved, and it was the knowledge of this which hung as a terror over my poor Gennaro's head and drove him nearly crazy with apprehension. I hold it, therefore, to be certain that 
he does know who these men are, and that for reasons of his own he suppresses it. He dodged round the table as quick as an eel, and a moment later he'd got his gun from under his coat. On a Saturday night McMurdo was introduced to the 
lodge. Mr. McFarlane had left his hat, and to the best of her belief his stick, in the hall. "  "That's for a jury to decide," said Lestrade. Twenty-six voyages. "  "Dundee, I suppose?"  "Yes, sir. "  "That is certainly a possible point of view. According to my experience it is not possible to reach the platform of a Metropolitan train without exhibiting one's ticket. "  "Tell us about Cadogan West. "Amen and amen! But thou art a pretty lad, and 
the prettier for thy modest ways. It is easy to see from thy cheek that thou hast not spent thy days in the rain and the heat and the wind, as my poor Wat hath been forced to do. Neither of us needed to be told who that visitor was. "Please, sir," he said, touching his forelock, "I have the cab downstairs. "  "Good boy," said Holmes, blandly. "  "Why not?"  "Because he is not a fraud at all. What will he say when he returns?"  "He must guard himself, for he may find that there is someone more cunning than himself upon his track. "  "So I should say. "  "Is there any other opening?"  "None. "No, his friend. "Why, I myself have served two terms with Arnold de Cervolles, he whom they called the archpriest. When 
half the folk in the country were dead it was then that the other half could pick and choose who they would work for, and for what wage. At three o'clock in the afternoon there was 
a loud peal at the bell, an authoritative voice in the hall, and, to my surprise, no less a person than Mr. I promise you that you shall thrust your arms elbow-deep among good silver pieces ere the nights are moonless again; for on every hand of us are fair women, rich wine, and good plunder, as much as heart could wish. "  "There is no other claimant, I presume?"  "None. "  "So that three days have been wasted. "He regards the crisis as universal and inevitable. "What!" cried Carruthers, springing out of his 
chair. I was about to say that my friend and I have listened to a good many strange secrets in this room, and that we have had the good fortune to bring peace to many troubled souls. I am afraid that I must leave 
you to your own devices, as the appearance of TWO inquiring strangers upon a sleepy countryside might excite more gossip than I care for. I have it here and I will read it to you:  

"'The Copper Beeches, near Winchester. Pa thought I had a decline and took me to half the doctors in 'Frisco. Not a word of news came for a year and more, so that I never doubted that Frank was really dead. All right; come if you want to. At last man was to be supreme and the 
man-beast to find forever his allotted place. On the strength of it he won the Mathematical Chair at one of our smaller universities, and had, to all appearances, a most brilliant career before him. Do you think that I would 
respond to such a trifle and yet be ignorant of his death?"  "I have seen too much not to know that the impression of a woman may be more valuable than the conclusion of an analytical reasoner. There's only one sure cure. But he has never let us get together and it was only today for the first time that I saw a chance of having a few words with her alone. "  "What has he done, then?"  "His career has been an extraordinary one. He spun round with a scream and 
fell upon his back, his hideous red face turning suddenly to a dreadful mottled pallor. The hair 
was peculiar, plastered down in front in a long, curving wisp over his massive forehead. "  "What then?" I asked. "  "It has certainly a character of its own. Methinks the end of the world is not far from there. "  "Then we can still find something to teach thee, Alleyne," said the Abbot complaisantly. The residue all went to Sir Henry. "They keep their 
distance from us," said he. They are bringing forward shield and mantlet. At 
first it seemed to be impossible, but I soon devised a means. Several times I had observed that 
Milverton looked at his watch, and once he had risen and sat down again, with a gesture of impatience. Afterwards 
there is a public scandal and it reflects upon me and all of us. In a special column put in at the last moment he read:  OUTRAGE AT THE HERALD OFFICE--EDITOR SERIOUSLY INJURED. There was no sign of him. Like all human kind, they flitted from the gloom into the light, and so back into the gloom once more. She told us many details about her brother-in-law the steward, and then wandering off on the subject of her former lodgers, the medical students, she gave us a long account of their delinquencies, with their names and those of their hospitals. Her employers had all been in excellent spirits lately, and she had never known them more cheerful and prosperous. "His wife!" she said again. He and papa were in command of the troops at the Andaman Islands, so they were thrown a great deal together. On the second day he told her that he loved her, and from then onward he repeated the same story with an absolute disregard of what she might say to discourage him. A paper-cart had got blocked in the crowd, and we could read in large letters, black upon yellow, "Scene at Lord's. In one hand he grasped a thick staff pointed and 
shod with metal, while in the other he held his coif or bonnet, which bore in its front a broad pewter medal stamped with the image of Our Lady of Rocamadour. He had a 
brisk kind of way with him and spoke sharply, like a man who knew the value of time. He soon realized that even his iron constitution could not stand the incessant strain which he was putting upon it. His life was irregular, but in one respect he was regularity itself. Those hectic spots 
were more pronounced, the eyes shone more brightly out of darker hollows, and a cold sweat glimmered upon his brow. He still retained, however, the jaunty gallantry of his speech. "Well, Watson, we seem to have fallen upon 
evil days," said he in a feeble voice, but with something of his old carelessness of manner. We may 
take it that the letter came out of this strange household and was an invitation to Garcia to carry out some attempt which had already been planned. Holmes had sat up upon the couch, and I saw him motion like a man who is in need of air. A coat and waistcoat were lying on the floor, and from a hook behind the door, with his own braces round his neck, was hanging the managing director of the Franco-Midland Hardware Company. Then came two-score more archers, ten more men-at-arms, and finally a rear guard of twenty bowmen, with big John towering in the front rank and the veteran Aylward marching by the side, his battered harness and faded surcoat in strange contrast with the snow-white jupons and shining brigandines of his companions. "I think, 
Watson," he remarked at last, "that of all our cases we have had none more fantastic than this. "  "You spoke to my coachman, then?"  "No, it was the candle on the side-table that told me. "I've read some leadin' 
articles about you gentlemen controllin' her, but she's gettin' a bit of her own back. "  "It is but a temporary setback," said Challenger with conviction. "  "See here, mister, you can't expect me, as Bodymaster, to pass into the lodge a man for whose past he can't answer. With your archers, however, you might well hold the town and do them great scath if they attempt to land. One glance was enough to show Edricson that his fears were but too true. I knew that he would be true to me, for I knew one or two things about him; so I made up my mind to go right on to Kilburn, where he lived, and take him into my confidence. Is it illuminative?  Has it conveyed anything to your minds?  What 
do _you_ think of it, Lord John?"  Lord John shook his head gravely. "  "That, I think, is hardly probable," said Challenger, projecting his beard and sinking his eyelids. I drink your health Councillor, and to our better acquaintance. "  "There's no doubt about the authenticity, for the name and the date, 1647, are on the back of the canvas. "  "My dear fellow, I congratulate you. "And it is the dream of my heart that our English pennons shall wave upon the Mount of Olives, and the lions and lilies float over the holy city. "Is Briony Lodge, Serpentine 
Avenue, St. "  "I know not about that," said brother John. How we are to get down from this 
place I have not as yet an idea. How Sir Nigel Loring put a Patch upon his Eye XIX. As we walked noiselessly amid the thick, soft carpet of decaying vegetation the hush fell upon our souls which comes upon us in the twilight of the Abbey, and even Professor Challenger's full-chested notes sank into a whisper. The rider was a stern-faced man, hard 
of mouth and dry of eye, with a heavy sword clanking at his side, and a stiff white bundle swathed in linen balanced across the pommel of his saddle. He added that he knew them to be Scowrers, since no one else in the community could possibly have any enmity to him, and he had long been threatened on account of his outspoken editorials. They stared at him with eager interest; 
but he said nothing. Her feminine perception, however, had instantly seen through the disguise when, on the occasion of the interpreter's visit, she had seen him for the first time. She had 
fainted with horror upon entering the room in the morning and seeing that dreadful company round the table. She had 
gone to bed at half-past ten. "'If it really annoys you, Hilton, we might go and travel, you 
and I, and so avoid this nuisance. "'The bell!' I cried. He has devised it. What 
would he do?"  "Come again next night with a more useful tool. It is probable that there existed an anthropoid ape in South America, who in past ages found his way to this place, and that he developed into the creatures we have seen, some of which"--here he looked hard at me--"were of an appearance and shape which, if it had been accompanied by corresponding intelligence, would, I do not hesitate to say, have reflected credit upon any living race. I know the men, the launch, everything; and yet I can get no news. . 
