. . E SL. NE. "Now the first letter CAN only be A, which is a most useful 
discovery, since it occurs no fewer than three times in this short sentence, and the H is also apparent in the second word. Lord John backed her round and turned her to the south. It brought me to the very threshold of the old door. 
"Hum! A doctor's--general practitioner, I perceive," said Holmes. What more 
could one ask for?"  "Does your explanation cover every point?"  "Undoubtedly. It is quite clear that the colonel was a cool and desperate man, who was absolutely determined that nothing should stand in the way of his little game, like those out-and-out pirates who will leave no survivor from a captured ship. And now let us 
consider another point. I went down the stairs and into the hall, where I found 
the commissionnaire fast asleep in his box, with the kettle boiling furiously upon the spirit-lamp. I took off the kettle and blew out the lamp, for the water was spurting over the floor. In the kitchen a kettle was singing on the fire, and a large black cat lay coiled up in the basket; but there was no sign of the woman whom I had seen before. They 
stood with their heads close together, talking in low, confidential tones. I felt that my position was an 
embarrassing one. '  "'Then it must be the other way that the thief took,' cried the fellow, tugging at my sleeve. "You have a few sheep in the paddock," he said. "I doubt 
if we shall catch her. There is a dry glitter in his eyes and a firm set of his thin lips, which goes with a positive and possibly a harsh nature. ' He stepped over to the window and shouted through it at the top of his voice that the vacancy was filled. A groan of disappointment came up from below, and the folk all trooped away in different directions until there was not a red-head to be seen except my own and that of the manager. I had gone up to ask him about you, and he was very offensive; accused me of coaxing you away from the service of the firm, and that sort of thing. Take that, you hound--and that!--and that!--and that!"  She had drawn a little gleaming revolver, and emptied barrel after barrel into Milverton's body, the muzzle within two feet of his shirt front. His thin figure and long limbs struggled and fluttered like a chicken being dragged from a coop. Challenger 
had turned to the king and waved his hands frantically before him. Her voice, too, which had been so clear and ringing, was now low and muffled as that of one who speaks from a distance. It is rutted with wheels and trodden down by the feet of many adventurers. The senseless body was thrown across the 
spare horse, the four sprang to their saddles, and away they thundered with loose reins and busy spurs through the swarming camp. The Brabanter raised his weapon to the sky, and there came the short, deep twang of his powerful string. His bolt struck the stork just where its wing meets the body, and the bird whirled aloft in a last convulsive flutter before falling wounded and flapping to the earth. He had scarce dared to face the change which had come upon him, when a few sudden chance words showed it all up hard and clear, like a lightning flash in the darkness. Softly we stole along until 
we had come into the other wing. Kindly compare it with the specimen in your hand. It bore the mark of the hotel which we had just left, and was addressed to me by the landlord. It appeared that within a very few minutes of our leaving, an English lady had arrived who was in the last stage of consumption. She had wintered at Davos Platz, and was journeying now to join her friends at Lucerne, when a sudden hemorrhage had overtaken her. "It only remains to indicate the part which she had played 
throughout. It is our duty to clear him of this dreadful and unfounded charge. "  "Don't promise too much, Mr. Holmes. It's my first big chance, and I am at my wit's end. "  "Exactly!  Well, Watson, you have done all that a good friend could. "  "Well, did you think of such a thing when you joined the Freeman's society at Chicago?"  "No, I'm bound to say I did not. I shouldn't care to hear you say you did. 
Alleyne Edricson, I would have a word with you, for I would fain that you should take service under me. Now I am aware that he is not only one of the heads of the medical school of the university, but a thinker of European reputation in more than one branch of science. You 
are still unconvinced?"  "I am at least deeply interested. "I may remind you," Holmes continued, "that 
the professor's salary can be ascertained in several trustworthy books of reference. "'Holdernesse, 6th 
Duke, K. !' he shrieked, and then, 'My God, my God, my sins have overtaken me!'  "'What is it, uncle?' I cried. 'This is all quite beside the question. Then a 
murder has been done. I have no doubt that there were times when my life hung in the balance. There is the pension to Jim Carnaway's widow. He was struck down doing the work of the lodge, and it is for us to see that she is not the loser. "  "Jim was shot last month when they tried to kill Chester Wilcox of Marley Creek," McMurdo's neighbour informed him. "The colliery explosion was 
excellent. I think, perhaps, it is almost time that I prepare for the new role I have to play. The question now is whether we should take a premature lunch here, or run our chance of starving before we reach the buffet at Newhaven. "   We made our way to Brussels that night and spent two days there, moving on upon the third day as far as Strasburg. On the Monday morning Holmes had telegraphed to the London police, and in the evening we found a reply waiting for us at our hotel. Did the composer fear an interruption--and from whom?"  "We are coming now rather into the region of guesswork," said Dr. Trevelyan," 
said he. "Don't drop the instruments, I beg. Your arrest as a suspicious character would be a most unfortunate complication. It was my intention to 
have stopped there, and to have said nothing of that event which has created a void in my life which the lapse of two years has done little to fill. "We will go back to 
the note which was handed in to Garcia upon the evening of his death. My evidence showed that the door had been fastened upon the inner side, and the windows were blocked by old-fashioned shutters with broad iron bars, which were secured every night. Once the bridge was up, I guess he thought he was safe. So! It is ready for them. "  I glanced at my morning paper. Their slow reptilian natures cared nothing for 
wounds, and the springs of their lives, with no special brain center but scattered throughout their spinal cords, could not be tapped by any modern weapons. From one of 
these I picked a battle-axe, and then, leaving my candle behind me, I crept on tiptoe down the passage and peeped in at the open door. '  "We went down a winding stone stair, and my companion, striking a match, lit a large lantern which stood on a barrel in the corner. In an instant it was obvious that we had at last come upon the true place, and that we had not been the only people to visit the spot recently. "It had been used for 
the storage of wood, but the billets, which had evidently been littered over the floor, were now piled at the sides, so as to leave a clear space in the middle. In this space lay a large and heavy flagstone with a rusted iron ring in the centre to which a thick shepherd's-check muffler was attached. Meanwhile I will simply show you how 
capable my apparatus is of supporting the weight of each of us. In every other way they were our friends--one might almost say our devoted slaves--but when it was suggested that they should help us to make and carry a plank which would bridge the chasm, or when we wished to get from them thongs of leather or liana to weave ropes which might help us, we were met by a good-humored, but an invincible, refusal. "'Do you desire your name 
to be kept upon the books?' she asked. Tarp Henry looked thoughtful. You were recalling the incidents of Beecher's career. "  "But if the document is found?"  "Ah, that, of course, would be different. Yew staves indeed might be got in 
Spain, but it was well to take enough and to spare with them. "Make straight for the keep!" said Du 
Guesclin, in a sharp, stern whisper. "  We moved cautiously along the track as if we were bound for the house, but Holmes halted us when we were about two hundred yards from it. "  "It has not excited much attention yet, except locally. The facts are only two days old. It was found in the banks of the Amoy River in southern China and is remarkable in having every characteristic of the carbuncle, save that it is blue in shade instead of ruby red. In spite of its youth, it has already a sinister history. The savage man, and the savage beast, hunger, 
thirst, fatigue, and disease--every impediment which Nature could place in the way, had all been overcome with Anglo-Saxon tenacity. Yet the long journey and the accumulated terrors had shaken the hearts of the stoutest among them. I let 
him take them, therefore, from the hiding-place, and so saved myself an infinity of trouble. Above all, shun the snares of 
women, for they are ever set for the foolish feet of the young. Kneel down, my child, and take an old man's blessing. "  Alleyne Edricson bent his head while the Abbot poured out his heartfelt supplication that Heaven would watch over this young soul, now going forth into the darkness and danger of the world. The scientific attainments of 
Professor Summerlee are too well known for me to trouble to recapitulate them. When young Amory de Valance was here last Lammastide he looked kindly upon the girl, and even spoke of taking her into his service. He has all the Celtic power of quick intuition, but he is deficient in the wide range of exact knowledge which is essential to the higher developments of his art. The case was concerned with a will, and possessed some features of interest. "  "I cannot now entirely see all the steps of your reasoning," I remarked. "Precisely so," answered Holmes. I am about to write your check, however unwelcome the information which you have gained may be to me. "  "Rather an irregular proceeding," said Jones, shaking his head. Then she looked into my upturned face with a very wistful smile. "We may as well talk 
about that as anything else. "  "There was no one in the street?"  "Not a livin' soul, sir, nor as much as a dog. The boy held the tiller, while against the red glare of the furnace I could see old Smith, stripped to the waist, and shovelling coals for dear life. "  "Then you don't think I'll see him again?"  "I fear not. He asked me if I would marry the girl myself and give him a share. We can tell the tale to you while we await them. They thought to tire me out, but they could not do it. We were indeed a sorry crew, and I did not wonder to see our Indian companions glance back at us occasionally with horror and amazement on their faces. "You don't expect such energy from 
me, do you, Sherlock? But somehow this case attracts me. And so in ten minutes I had left my armchair and cheery sitting-room behind me, and was speeding eastward in a hansom on a strange errand, as it seemed to me at the time, though the future only could show how strange it was to be. Before I left I bethought me that if I ever met my Sikh friends again it would be a satisfaction to know that I had left some mark of our hatred:  so I scrawled down the sign of the four of us, as it had been on the chart, and I pinned it on his bosom. On the other side lay a strip of vineyard, and beyond it the desolate and sandy region of the Landes, all tangled with faded gorse and heath and broom, stretching away in unbroken gloom to the blue hills which lay low upon the furthest sky-line. There came a plump of rain 
towards mid-day and the breeze died down, but it freshened again before nightfall, and Goodwin Hawtayne veered his sheet and held head for the south. Can I not see 
by your brightened eye how you would love to look upon these things? Come then with me, and, by these ten finger-bones! there is not one of them which you shall not see. "  "Yes. I knows well where it is. They are the devil's pet baits. In the larger and older jewels every facet may stand for a bloody deed. What would he do then? It would of course instantly strike him that he must get rid of the tell-tale garments. He would seize the coat, then, and be in the act of throwing it out, when it would occur to him that it would swim and not sink. He has little time, for he has heard the scuffle downstairs when the wife tried to force her way up, and perhaps he has already heard from his Lascar confederate that the police are hurrying up the street. The traffic is 
all held up. He was languidly interested by the papers in his hand, and page after page was turned as he followed the argument of the lawyer. That sounded ominous. What was the relation between them, and what the object of his repeated visits? Was she his client, his friend, or his mistress? If the former, she had probably transferred the photograph to his keeping. The Lady Loring hath asked me to set down in writing what hath 
befallen at Twynham, and all that concerns the death of thy ill neighbor the Socman of Minstead. "  "Ah, yes. I should like a few particulars as to this young lady, and your relations to her. Good heavens, those talks! However, I have got all I wanted. "  I rushed down to the instrument. It was clear, however, that Straker had 
defended himself vigorously against his assailants, for in his right hand he held a small knife, which was clotted with blood up to the handle, while in his left he clasped a red and black silk cravat, which was recognized by the maid as having been worn on the preceding evening by the stranger who had visited the stables. We all sprang out with the exception of Holmes, who continued to lean back with his eyes fixed upon the sky in front of him, entirely absorbed in his own thoughts. We had driven several miles, and were beginning to get to the fringe of the belt of suburban villas, when he shook himself, shrugged his shoulders, and lit up his pipe with the air of a man who has satisfied himself that he is acting for the best. When the vicarage caught fire he distinguished himself also by the fearlessness with which he reentered the building to save property, after the local fire brigade had given it up as impossible. If you examine the roofs you will find that they are slightly rounded, and there is no railing round them. It was then with a lighter heart and a stouter courage that the young man turned from the Abbot's room, while the latter, following him to the stair-head, finally commended him to the protection of the holy Julian, patron of travellers. I had already noticed 
the peculiarities of the typewriter, and I wrote to the man himself at his business address asking him if he would come here. "  "No, no, Jack!" His arms were round her now. "  "As this is an express, and as the boat runs in connection with it, I should think we have shaken him off very effectively. "  "My dear Watson, you evidently did not realize my meaning when I said that this man may be taken as being quite on the same intellectual plane as myself. I remarked to her, however, before I fell asleep, that the cottage was now occupied, to which she returned no reply. "I am usually an extremely sound 
sleeper. "When Lord Saltire's disappearance was discovered, I at once called a roll of the whole establishment--boys, masters, and servants. What were they 
doing, and why did they not instantly give the alarm? That is the question which faces us, and when it has been answered we shall surely have gone some way to solve our problem. And, first, 
as to how it came here. "  "Mr. McArdle!" I cried. "This is their morning call. "I have no alternative, 
Mr. Baldwin?"  The young men nodded in surly fashion to each other. Where is the master of the novices?"  "He is without, most holy father. But love is an emotional thing, and whatever is emotional is opposed to that true cold reason which I place above all things. Now four men said other 
and more startling ones. Was this to constitute a final proof where the matters 
in question were of the most revolutionary and incredible character?  There had been recent examples of travelers arriving from the unknown with certain tales which had been too readily accepted. Was the London Zoological Institute to place itself in this position?  He admitted that the members of the committee were men of character. But human nature was very complex. Consider what is involved by your theory. I have no doubt that my own ideas were quite wild, but you must admit that they have ended in discovering the silver. "  "We have known for some time that a clever gang was at work," said the inspector. "They have been turning out half-crowns by the thousand. It was to save myself from ruin. But as to murder, I am as innocent as you. Ah, yes, here it is!  The inscription beneath it runs:  'Probable appearance in life of the Jurassic Dinosaur Stegosaurus. The hind leg alone is twice as tall as a full-grown man. I met him on the cars when I went 
down the line on Wednesday--a hard case if ever there was one. The despotism and hatred 
of Liberalism which animated the Continental Governments had had the effect of driving to our shores a number of men who might have made excellent citizens were they not soured by the recollection of all that they had undergone. Professor 
Challenger's beard may be more shaggy, Professor Summerlee's features more ascetic, Lord John Roxton's figure more gaunt, and all three may be burned to a darker tint than when they left our shores, but each appeared to be in most excellent health. I thought that a 
few months among the distractions of town would send him back a new man. We had three copies 
typewritten, one of which I enclose. The affair proves, as I always thought it would, to be an extremely simple one, but I am obliged to you for assisting me in my investigation. I have made arrangements, and the workmen will be at work early to-morrow morning diverting the stream--"  "Impossible!"  "--diverting the stream; so I thought it best to explain matters beforehand. "Now sign that, and send it by hand about four o'clock. It was a 
quarter-past ten when I moved to go. You and I and--yes, why, Dr. Mortimer. 
"Say, rather, into the region where we balance probabilities and choose the most likely. How far do you think it is?"  "Out by the Cleft Tor, I think. It is all dark to me. But it's over for me, 
and I bear no grudge. "  Baldwin had to take the proffered hand; for the baleful eye of the terrible Boss was upon him. My colors have not passed. It could only have been the murderer, since neither the gardener nor anyone else had been there that morning, and the rain had only begun during the night. And yet somehow on that particular night, whether it may have been the slight excitement produced by my little adventure or not I know not, but I slept much more lightly than usual. Indeed, from the direction of the Metropolitan Station no one was coming save the single gentleman whose eccentric conduct had drawn my attention. A man in white clothes, who 
could only be the surviving half-breed, was running as one does run when Death is the pacemaker. Behind him, only a few yards in his rear, bounded the huge ebony figure of Zambo, our devoted negro. "But what I do for you now?"  There was plenty for him to do, and admirably the faithful fellow did it. Within a week he had become infinitely the most important person at Shafter's. The house was forbidden him; but when he tapped at the window Ettie came out to him. I'll take the responsibility of arresting him now. My darling made use of the few clear days 
which our start had given us in arranging for a refuge for me in such a fashion that no possible danger could reach me. "  "And I found him an over-apt pupil," grumbled the bowman. "Then sure I have no 
need to tell thee mine," said the other. "Maybe Miss Ettie has told you how it 
is with us?" said Baldwin. He says he must see you this very minute. Our young 
friend has expressed the cause of all our troubles and perplexities in a single word, 'poison. '"  We looked at each other in amazed silence. Professor Challenger was on his 
feet. Twice he was walking, and once he ran swiftly, so that the soles are deeply marked and the heels hardly visible. On seeing him lying still the 
creature had probably approached to sniff at him, but finding him dead had turned away again. It was a shock to me to hear that I had placed my friends in such horrible peril. Every plunge of the excited horse brought 
it against the horns again, and goaded it to fresh madness. Of these the latter may have afforded a finer field for an acute and original observer, but the other was so strange in its inception and so dramatic in its details that it may be the more worthy of being placed upon record, even if it gave my friend fewer openings for those deductive methods of reasoning by which he achieved such remarkable results. The blunt accusation, 
the brutal tap upon the shoulder--what can one make of such a denouement? But the quick inference, the subtle trap, the clever forecast of coming events, the triumphant vindication of bold theories--are these not the pride and the justification of our life's work? At the present moment you thrill with the glamour of the situation and the anticipation of the hunt. The gleeman is 
called Floyting Will. "  "There is no other claimant, I presume?"  "None. "  "But surely you or the girl enter his room of a morning?"  "No, sir; he looks after himself entirely. Inquiries have shown that his 
Ministers know nothing of the matter. From where I stood I could see hundreds of the black fiends, with their red coats still on their backs, dancing and howling round the burning house. Therefore he took it from the murdered man's pocket. "Stand back 
yourself!" he cried. "I believe our young friend has read the riddle," said 
Challenger. "A large assumption!" cried Summerlee. "Exactly. Our first effort 
must be to find who are the tenants of Charlington Hall. What is the nearest telegraph-office? Grimpen. Between the two, behind the hill, was the house of the Stapletons. They live miles from any help. Three undetected murders in one year won't do, Lestrade. "A passenger who passed Aldgate in an ordinary Metropolitan train about 11:40 on Monday night declares that he heard a heavy thud, as of a body striking the line, just before the train reached the station. Time was when 
your ears were clipped. You've lost your sense of proportion. Swollen gas-bags!  I'll keep you in your proper place. That is important. "  "Yes, at the mines. "  "Quite so; at the gold-mines, where, as I understand, Mr. Holmes?"  "There are one or two indications, and yet the utmost pains have been taken to remove all clues. The address, you observe is printed in rough characters. But the Times is a paper which is seldom found in any hands but those of the highly educated. We may take it, therefore, that the letter was composed by an educated man who wished to pose as an uneducated one, and his effort to conceal his own writing suggests that that writing might be known, or come to be known, by you. "  "I would wish to know it," said the Prussian grimly. "It was I who brought 
about the separation between Irene Adler and the late King of Bohemia when your cousin Heinrich was the Imperial Envoy. It was 
I also who saved from murder, by the Nihilist Klopman, Count Von und Zu Grafenstein, who was your mother's elder brother. "  "Ha! I had forgotten that there was ill blood betwixt you. You have been 
looking a little pale lately. No one else, I think. "  "When you combine the ideas of whistles at night, the presence of a band of gipsies who are on intimate terms with this old doctor, the fact that we have every reason to believe that the doctor has an interest in preventing his stepdaughter's marriage, the dying allusion to a band, and, finally, the fact that Miss Helen Stoner heard a metallic clang, which might have been caused by one of those metal bars that secured the shutters falling back into its place, I think that there is good ground to think that the mystery may be cleared along those lines. At ten o'clock the same night I started off upon my journey. Very particularly would I thank Senhor Penalosa and other officials of the Brazilian Government for the special arrangements by which we were helped upon our way, and Senhor Pereira of Para, to whose forethought we owe the complete outfit for a decent appearance in the civilized world which we found ready for us at that town. We had an inn and two houses a little above us, and a single cottage at the other side of the field which faces us, and except those there were no houses until you got half way to the station. I saw her look about her as she came to the Charlington hedge. As Austin said, it was not 
difficult to read, for the words were few and arresting:--  

+---------------------------------------+ 

|               WARNING. "  The policeman snapped up his notebook. "Wait a bit, Gregson," said Sherlock 
Holmes. Effie loves me. One night his secret came out. This is not such a populous neighbourhood. McCarthy kept two servants--a man and a girl. Her face 
was turned away as we entered, but we could see that she was dressed in a red frock, and that she had long white gloves on. "  Dinner was over, and the table cleared before Holmes alluded to the matter again. "Hullo!" cried the Inspector, "where's he got to?"  Holmes had disappeared. Summerlee had been so interested that he had stood 
unresisting while Challenger tilted his head into the air. It was a common sound in those 
parts--as common as the chatter of the jays and the booming of the bittern. Yet the fishers and the peasants raised their heads and looked questions at each other, for the angelus had already gone and vespers was still far off. He runs after us, a puffing, red-faced, irascible figure. A flat velvet cap was drawn 
forward to keep the glare from his eyes, and he rode with lips compressed and anxious face, as one who has much care upon his mind. Young as he was, and peaceful as was his dress, the dainty golden spurs which twinkled upon his heels proclaimed his knighthood, while a long seam upon his brow and a scar upon his temple gave a manly grace to his refined and delicate countenance. The features were set, however, in a horrible smile, a fixed and unnatural grin, which in that still and moonlit room was more jarring to the nerves than any scowl or contortion. So like was the face to that of our little friend that I looked round at him to make sure that he was indeed with us. We stood straining our ears, but nothing came. I am quite wakeful now. I know it. He 
wanted her to sign a paper, so that whether she married or not, he could use her money. He is weary of this place where the fear of these people darkens our lives. One instant had altered the whole conditions of our existence. "  Again there was silence. Then she threw her arms around him. As he threw the door open an old woman ran out in front of him and tried to bar his passage, but he thrust her back, and an instant afterwards we were all upon the stairs. The Premier looked at Holmes with 
twinkling eyes. "Sweet little coz!" answered the burly squire. And indeed to 
watch him dallying with a little gobbet of bread, or sipping his cup of thrice-watered wine, is enough to make a man feel shame at his own hunger. Yet war and glory, my good friend, though well enough in their way, will not serve to tighten such a belt as clasps my waist. Well struck, my lord! Well struck, Aylward! See to Black Simon, how he storms among the shipmen! But this Spade-beard is a gallant warrior. He rode himself 
within a spear's-length of his standard, clad from neck to foot in steel, but draped in the long linen gown or parement which was destined to be the cause of his death. "At 
last, when you had all formed your inevitable and totally erroneous conclusions, you departed for the hotel, and I was left alone. You're not 
crabby, are you?"  "No, no, not at all. "     

CHAPTER III  

"He is a Perfectly Impossible Person"  My friend's fear or hope was not destined to be realized. When I called on Wednesday there was a letter with the West Kensington postmark upon it, and my name scrawled across the envelope in a handwriting which looked like a barbed-wire railing. He started as the 
hall-light fell upon our faces. He may have observed it, for there was a touch 
of defiance in his voice and manner as he proceeded. But there is no other track. "Pile it 
on, men, pile it on!" cried Holmes, looking down into the engine-room, while the fierce glow from below beat upon his eager, aquiline face. I could see or hear nothing of my enemy. "You'll wish you had 
never set foot in this house before I am through with you!"  "No time like the present," cried McMurdo. At nine to-morrow we'll be with 
you. I had to choose between you, and in my weakness I turned away from my own little girl. Her face was turned away as we entered, but we could see that she was dressed in a red frock, and that she had long white gloves on. "Surely there is not a moment to be lost," I cried, "shall I go and order you a cab?"  "I'm not sure about whether I shall go. Now, Mr. Holmes, I loved with such a 
love as comes only once in a lifetime. I offered the lady marriage, but she refused it on the grounds that such a match might mar my career. He answered, you remember, in the negative. One thing only appears to be certain, 
and that is that Mr. Lestrade. Sure enough, when we reached Baker Street the detective was already there, and we found him pacing up and down in a fever of impatience. "I'll tell you what I know 
about Effie's history. There have been two murders, a vitriol-throwing, a suicide, and several robberies brought about for the sake of this forty-grain weight of crystallised charcoal. Who would 
think that so pretty a toy would be a purveyor to the gallows and the prison? I'll lock it up in my strong box now and drop a line to the Countess to say that we have it. I had been plottin' it out a bit, and had one or two things clear in my mind. "  "I'm new here, Mr. Scott Eccles--I am sure of it," said Inspector Gregson in a very amiable tone. "You may wait here a moment; and there is no 
reason why your friends should not wait with you. " That was always the way. I observe that there is a good deal of German music on the programme, which is rather more to my taste than Italian or French. "  "Your works?"  "Oh, didn't you know?" he cried, laughing. "No, don't," said he; "I shall write to you about it. "'Where have you put it?' asked Arthur. He 
has been a disappointment to me, Mr. Garcia's rent was paid up all right and that everything was in order at Wisteria Lodge. "  Sherlock Holmes was rubbing his hands and chuckling as he added this bizarre incident to his collection of strange episodes. "Your experience is, 
so far as I know, perfectly unique," said he. "But what is it?"  "The peasants say it is the Hound of the Baskervilles calling for its prey. For a moment he smiled, as his eye lit upon the banner of the five roses waving from the hamlet; but his course lay for Pampeluna, and he rode on after the archers. "A pretty thing this, 
John," said he. "Is there a train to North Walsham to-night?"  I turned up the time-table. The last had just gone. I got into his room that 
same night, though, and I searched his papers to see if there was any record of where he had hidden our jewels. There was not a line, however:  so I came away, bitter and savage as a man could be. I fancy there will be a large audience, for Waldron, though an absolute charlatan, has a considerable popular following. Now, Mr. Henry Baker, who was a member of your goose club. "To any one who wishes to study mankind 
this is the spot," said Mycroft. "Cadogan West?  I have heard the name. Holmes was 
standing on the door-step, with his hands in his pockets, smoking his pipe. So much, for the moment, for my two white companions, whose 
characters and limitations will be further exposed, as surely as my own, as this narrative proceeds. But already we have enrolled certain retainers who may play no small part in what is to come. "  "It is very kind of you. Who are you that you should take it on yourself to 
ask such things?" His gray eyes gleamed with sudden and dangerous anger from behind his glasses. "'Is this Mr. Windibank, that in every case there is some little slurring over of the 'e,' and a slight defect in the tail of the 'r. ' There are fourteen other characteristics, but those are the more obvious. The supra-orbital crest, the facial angle, the maxillary curve, the--"  "But this is my special hobby, and the differences are equally obvious. And 
now, you see, I had narrowed the field down considerably. The possession of a grey garment was a third point which, granting the son's statement to be correct, was a certainty. I then inquired as to the vessels which lay at present in the port of London. Have you heard the name?"  "No, I have not. "  "It is only a suggestion," said Holmes, suavely. "There is no possible getting out of it, Mr. Scott Eccles in a querulous voice, "but it is really uncommonly hard on me. "'You 
dog!' I said; 'I have hunted you from Salt Lake City to St. Paul! Edricson," 
said the knight coldly, arching his eyebrows, "you aim high in this matter. Lady St. Simon is a myth. There is not, and there never has been, any such person. Within an hour I learn that this danger has actually materialized and that the person is dead. Cremation is surely the best burial. "  "It would shorten us up if this house went ablaze. For half an hour we sat with hardly a word, stunned by the stupendous sight. "There are mountains, and dry plains, and flash of arms and shouting of battle-cries. Yet it is whispered to me that by failure you will succeed. A great brain and a huge organization have been turned to the extinction of one man. The other was a little, fat, round fellow, with a great yellow turban, and a bundle in his hand, done up in a shawl. '  "'Ah, that is only my wife,' cried the commissionnaire; 'has no one else passed?'  "'No one. They slept in adjoining rooms, and Mrs. Douglas gave a cry of 
astonishment at Holmes's words. "I did write it. Are you strong enough to 
stand?"  "Give me another mouthful of that brandy and I shall be ready for anything. "  I went to my bedroom and followed his advice. "  "Well, what is it?"  "I'll go to the Patch to-morrow morning. I see also in your open desk there 
that you have a sheet of stamps and a thick bundle of post-cards. What could you go into the post-office for, then, but to send a wire? Eliminate all other factors, and the one which remains must be the truth. Here all other contingencies HAVE failed. You have remarked more than once since I have been in the room that you had all the evidence which you require. Thank you very much. Do you not deduce something from that?"  "We have got to the deductions and the inferences," said Lestrade, winking at me. "  "Why, my lord," quoth Ford, standing in his stirrups and shading his eyes, "it is old Hob Davidson, the fat miller of Milton!"  "Ah, so it is, indeed," said Sir Nigel, puckering his cheeks; "but wayside ventures are not to be scorned, for I have seen no finer passages than are to be had from such chance meetings, when cavaliers are willing to advance themselves. From this convenient retreat, the watchers were being watched and the trackers tracked. That angular shadow up yonder was the bait, and we were the hunters. Close behind the pack rode a fourrier and a yeoman-pricker, whooping on the laggards and encouraging the leaders, in the shrill half-French jargon which was the language of venery and woodcraft. Alleyne was still gazing after them, listening to the loud "Hyke-a-Bayard! Hyke-a-Pomers! Hyke-a-Lebryt!" with which they called upon their favorite hounds, when a group of horsemen crashed out through the underwood at the very spot where the serf and he were standing. The other end was secured to the rope, so 
that in a minute a good strong cord was dangling from the only sound side of the blazing and shattered tower. "  "There they come, the hearts of gold!" cried Aylward. I love an ash arrow 
pierced with cornel-wood for a roving shaft. "  As he spoke he raised his arbalest to his shoulder and was about to pull the trigger, when a large gray stork flapped heavily into view skimming over the brow of the hill, and then soaring up into the air to pass the valley. That very night he started off all alone to prepare for the attempt. That would fully explain the facts, would it not?"  The whole inexplicable tangle seemed to straighten out before me. I have done 
nothing actionable from the first, but as long as you keep that door locked you lay yourself open to an action for assault and illegal constraint. "  "The law cannot, as you say, touch you," said Holmes, unlocking and throwing open the door, "yet there never was a man who deserved punishment more. "Put the pearl in the safe, Watson," said he, "and 
get out the papers of the Conk-Singleton forgery case. There is something in it which fascinates me extremely. He was a man of little culture, but with a 
considerable amount of rude strength, both physically and mentally. He knew hardly any books, but he had traveled far, had seen much of the world. It was no mere form for either of them. But in the open it is different. Yew staves indeed might be got in Spain, but it was well to take enough and to spare with them. Again, of course no subordinate would have 
dared to do such a thing. I described to him how, when according to his custom 
he was the first down, he perceived a strange horse wandering over the moor. The word "moor" 
only was printed in ink. "Now," said Sir Henry Baskerville, "perhaps you will 
tell me, Mr. Malone?"  I had to confess my total and humiliating ignorance of the subject at issue. What, for example, were Fraunhofer's lines?  McArdle had just been studying the matter with the aid of our tame scientist at the office, and he picked from his desk two of those many-coloured spectral bands which bear a general resemblance to the hat-ribbons of some young and ambitious cricket club. His hands and feet were securely strapped together, and he bore over one eye the marks of a violent blow. Perhaps you would care to try?"  "Not for worlds. But why were you doing this?"  "Because it seemed to me to have an indirect bearing upon the mystery of Woodman's Lee. It seems absurdly simple, and yet, somehow I can get nothing to go upon. Once Lord John passed across his newspaper, upon the margin of which he had written in pencil, "Poor devil!  Mad as a hatter. "  No doubt it was very eccentric, and yet the performance struck me as extraordinarily clever and amusing. Whilst this was going on, Lord John leaned forward and told me 
some interminable story about a buffalo and an Indian rajah which seemed to me to have neither beginning nor end. The Boscombe Pool, which is a little 
reed-girt sheet of water some fifty yards across, is situated at the boundary between the Hatherley Farm and the private park of the wealthy Mr. Cunningham and his son. 
The seamen had hauled the fore-yard aback during the rising, but now as we left them they brought it square again, and as there was a light wind from the north and east the bark began to draw slowly away from us. I have 
heard that Montpezat is of no great strength, and that there are two hundred thousand crowns in the castle. And yet I cannot think that any Scottish or French rovers could land in such force as to beleaguer the fortalice. Call the Company together, Aylward; and let us on, for it will be shame to us if we are not at Dax upon the trysting day. Sir Nigel and his lady walked on in deep talk, while a fat under-steward took charge of the three comrades, and led them to the buttery, where beef, bread, and beer were kept ever in readiness for the wayfarer. "  "You are no very shrewd reasoner, fellow," quoth the knight; "for if it be within the law for you to threaten him with your club, then it is also lawful for me to threaten you with my sword. "You ask me for a sign," he 
said. My companion waved his hand in contemptuous deprecation. "The human 
collar-bone is curved. This is straight. There is a groove upon its surface showing that a great tendon played across it, which could not be the case with a clavicle. "  "Then I must confess that I don't know what it is. "  The Lady Tiphaine smiled across at her husband. Heavens, I hear his step upon the stair!"  The European Secretary burst excitedly into the room. There is no exit that 
way?"  "No, sir. He eats so little that I often wonder it can keep life in one. "  "Then there is Chandos. Yet it is not every question that she can answer, but 
only those----"  "Bertrand, Bertrand!" cried the lady in the same muttering far-away voice, "the blessed hour passes. Well, time's up, and I'll just say--"  But his leavetaking was cut short in a very unexpected fashion. You may have 
better luck, or more tact in handling him. It was a toilsome march over broken 
ground and through snow, which came often as high as the knee, yet ere the sun had begun to sink they had reached the spot where the gorge opens out on to the uplands of Navarre, and could see the towers of Pampeluna jutting up against the southern sky-line. Behind them might still be seen the broad estuary of the Gironde, with the high towers of Saint Andre and Saint Remi shooting up from the plain. A few moor farmers have small holdings, where they rear sheep and cattle. Except 
these, the plover and the curlew are the only inhabitants until you come to the Chesterfield high road. "  "Pray continue," said Holmes. "And I. "Of course. It was the sides which were 
black. Good-morning, Mrs. Laura Lyons--it was not difficult for me to guess that it was to see her that you had gone, for I am already aware that she is the one person in Coombe Tracey who might be of service to us in the matter. I retired into it, and it was up to Barker 
to do the rest. And yet it was not quite the last. No bird flew in the blue vault of heaven, no man or beast moved upon the vast countryside which lay before us. "Too late, Watson, too late!" cried Holmes, as I ran panting to 
his side. "This is indeed a fine sight upon which it is good to look, and a man might go far ere he would see so many brave men and fine horses. In front 
stood the bow-men, ten deep, with a fringe of under-officers, who paced hither and thither marshalling the ranks with curt precept or short rebuke. Behind were the little clump of steel-clad horsemen, their lances raised, with long pensils drooping down the oaken shafts. So silent and still were they, that they might have been metal-sheathed statues, were it not for the occasional quick, impatient stamp of their chargers, or the rattle of chamfron against neck-plates as they tossed and strained. A spear's length in front of them sat the spare and long-limbed figure of Black Simon, the Norwich fighting man, his fierce, deep-lined face framed in steel, and the silk guidon marked with the five scarlet roses slanting over his right shoulder. "'There are none missing. They are, as I understand, the vital ones. Too narrow for anyone to pass through. At the foot of the steps a long coil of rope was thrown carelessly together. "The windows are all dark," remarked the 
inspector. But Trevelyan and I looked at each other in bewilderment. One glance 
was enough to show Edricson that his fears were but too true. The lady's charming personality must not be permitted to warp our judgment. I really had not the energy to follow it up save in a very incomplete fashion, but it gave me a basis for some pleasing speculation. Now, you would call it a guess, no doubt, but I am almost certain that this address has been written in a hotel. "Well," said I, as I came hurrying up, "I 
trust that she is no worse?"  A look of surprise passed over his face, and at the first quiver of his eyebrows my heart turned to lead in my breast. "Thank God!" he said, hoarsely, 
stooping and kissing her. "However, we were really independent of her help. "  "That is not always so easy. It was in '83 that it happened--August of that 
year. Winner of Crayston Medal for Zoological Research. The window, the curtains, the carpet, the chair, the rope--each in turn was minutely examined and duly pondered. The body of the unfortunate baronet had been removed, and all else remained as we had seen it in the morning. My time 
is of value, and the same thing may be said, no doubt, in a lesser degree of your own. There is no communication between them, but they all open out into the same corridor. It is lined with cocoanut matting and had taken no 
impression of any kind. "  "Have you formed a theory about how that bell rang?"  "Well, I must confess that it beats me. But he's a good-hearted old chap. It 
was his idea that I was at a loose end, and that he would do me a good turn by offering me a clerkship in a drygoods store. Would you mind stepping in for 
a moment?"  The door of the study opened straight on to the terrace. Well, I was sitting 
doing a smoke that very evening after I had been promised the appointment, when up came my landlady with a card which had 'Arthur Pinner, Financial Agent,' printed upon it. No tricks, now, or--"  "Oh, you can trust me, you can trust me!"  "Yes, I think I can. I told the whole story to Mr. Holmes, if it costs me my 
neck. "  Holmes smoked for some time in silence. "What were your plans?" he asked at 
last. "I had intended to bury myself in central Africa. "  "By heaven, yes!" cried the prince. "Sire, this is a knight whom it is indeed 
great honor to meet, and I would that your grace would grant me leave to send my squire for my harness, for I would dearly love to run a course with him. But the German does 
not do so. In dress now, for example. "  I had never heard of the institution, and my face must have proclaimed as much, for Sherlock Holmes pulled out his watch. "Our rate at present is 
fifty-three and a half miles an hour. "You are aware, Mr. Bartholomew Sholto's 
chemical laboratory. You proposed this arrangement, so you must not hold me responsible. "  "If we don't get on it will be easy to part company," I answered. "'It is 
absolutely essential to me,' said he, 'that I should have 50,000 pounds at once. "  I remembered Holmes's injunction. I left Holmes seated in front of the smouldering fire, and long into the watches of the night I heard the low, melancholy wailings of his violin, and knew that he was still pondering over the strange problem which he had set himself to unravel. CHAPTER VI. THE MAN WITH THE TWISTED LIP  Isa Whitney, brother of the late Elias Whitney, D. Malone, the discoverers of "The Lost World"    TABLE OF CONTENTS  Chapter  I  THE BLURRING OF LINES II  THE TIDE OF DEATH III  SUBMERGED IV  A DIARY OF THE DYING V  THE DEAD WORLD VI  THE GREAT AWAKENING     Chapter I  THE BLURRING OF LINES   It is imperative that now at once, while these stupendous events are still clear in my mind, I should set them down with that exactness of detail which time may blur. But even as I do so, I am overwhelmed by the wonder of the fact that it should be our little group of the "Lost World"--Professor Challenger, Professor Summerlee, Lord John Roxton, and myself--who have passed through this amazing experience. May I consult you?  "Scott Eccles, "Post Office, Charing Cross. It was only after her marriage to this Englishman 
that I was able to find out where she was. "The Coroner: How was it, then, that he 
uttered it before he saw you, and before he even knew that you had returned from Bristol?  "Witness (with considerable confusion): I do not know. '  "'It is to keep people out who have no business there. "  "I never shot him. I saw him no more until the evening, when he returned with a slow step and haggard face which assured me that he had made no great progress with his investigation. "  "Yes, sir, he is still with us. I was already asleep when I was partly awakened by his entrance. Lord Roxton rushed forward, rifle in hand, and threw 
it open. One side of the window was open, which I understand was quite usual in the summer-time, and he passed without difficulty into the room. An instant later a white-faced, hard-breathing policeman had opened the door, the candle wavering in his trembling hand. I will write again as the 
occasion serves. I have enclosed with this a rough chart of our journey, which may have the effect of making the account rather easier to understand. "She was very 
straight about it, was Elsie. I can't say that she did not give me every chance of getting out of it if I wished to do so. I believe that 
he had a warning of some sort. I _knew_ you came from Afghanistan. From long habit the train of thoughts ran so swiftly through my mind, that I arrived at the conclusion without being conscious of intermediate steps. We 
approached the case, you remember, with an absolutely blank mind, which is always an advantage. That is an oath that I can put my hand to my heart and swear that I have never broken. Fresh 
troops came pouring in, and Nana Sahib made himself scarce over the frontier. A flying column under Colonel Greathed came round to Agra and cleared the Pandies away from it. Mr. Douglas had seemed disturbed since the day before, when he had been at Tunbridge Wells. No other conclusion 
was possible. Therefore I had to determine where Mr. Sherlock Holmes is so well 
known. "  "He knows it already. "  "Out of date and waste paper. "One moment, sir," I said, as I realized that it 
was a pink bald head, and not a red face, which was fronting me. "You have introduced yourselves, I 
can see. "  "Yes, from Horsham. Do not wink with one eye and look with the other, Silas, and do not hop and dance after you shoot, with your tongue out, for that will not speed it upon its way. No, I must prepare 
you by showing you how we all stand to each other. "They are disguised hands, except the letter," he said, presently, "but there can be no question as to the authorship. See how the irrepressible Greek e will break out, and see the twirl of the final s. Johnson       THE WHITE COMPANY  By Sir Arthur Conan Doyle    CONTENTS. "  He helped himself to a cigar and leaned back with a fiercely critical pair of eyes, taking note of the effect which this document would produce. I had opened the volume with some expectation of a revelation, though of what nature I could not imagine. I suppose that you have been watching the habits, and perhaps the house, of Miss Irene Adler. "  "Quite so; but the sequel was rather unusual. Seclusion I can understand; but 
why print? Printing is a clumsy process. Why not write?  What would it suggest, Watson?"  "That he desired to conceal his handwriting. Suppose that some one turned up in your place who wrote a completely different hand from that in which you had applied for the vacancy, of course the game would have been up. "  "How do you know he wasn't a newspaper man?"  "I'll tell you. I shall look forward to seeing you again this afternoon. "  I was much astounded by this programme, though I remembered that Holmes had said to Stapleton on the night before that his visit would terminate next day. Pray what more could I do? When I found the suit of clothes in the moat, it at once became apparent to me that the body we had found could not have been the body of Mr. Abe Slaney, Elriges Farm, East Ruston, Norfolk. "I think, Inspector," Holmes remarked, "that you 
would do well to telegraph for an escort, as, if my calculations prove to be correct, you may have a particularly dangerous prisoner to convey to the county jail. 
You'll go off and he, poor devil, will have to stand the racket, and lucky if he gets off with his life. That is one point. The whole story told by Barker is a lie. "  "Then the truth is too bad to tell?"  "You can put it that way if you like. But there is a limit. Our lady enters 
this room, and what does she do? She goes over to the writing-table. What for? Not for anything in the drawers. If there had been anything worth her taking, it would surely have been locked up. Well, of all the funeral feasts on this earth, I 
suppose the one we are takin' is the queerest. "  "The strange thing is," said Mrs. Rucastle, however, who has evidently no 
sense of humour, never so much as smiled, but sat with her hands in her lap, and a sad, anxious look upon her face. Tall and sinewy, and brown, clear-eyed, hard-featured, with the stern and prompt bearing of experienced soldiers, it would be hard indeed for a leader to seek for a choicer following. Now, Mr. Aloysius Doran, the Duchess of Balmoral, Lord Backwater, Lord Eustace and Lady Clara St. Magdalen, I stopped short ere 
I reached his door, though, as you saw, he strove to hale me up to it. Out there fell a cascade of children's bricks. This done, we all went back to the treasure. 
Half of it is yours and half is Thaddeus Sholto's. You will have a couple of hundred thousand each. "  The country detective chuckled. "She might almost personify Britannia," said 
he, "with her complete self-absorption and general air of comfortable somnolence. Well, au revoir, Von Bork!"  With a final wave of his hand he sprang into the car, and a moment later the two golden cones from the headlights shot through the darkness. We could see the whitening of the nose where it was pressed against the glass. It is very hot for the time of year; and I have had a good deal to worry and try me. "Barrymore considers that he has a 
grievance," he said. "If I used my own some of these dunderheads would recognize it, and want to meddle in the affair. During the 
first week of July, my friend had been absent so often and so long from our lodgings that I knew he had something on hand. It was Captain Marvin, once of Chicago, and now of the Mine Constabulary. He shook his head with a half-smile at McMurdo. He held out his hand to Baldwin. I'd recognized him in the township, and again when he sprang for me; but his own mother wouldn't recognize him as I saw him then. It's a queer throne for such a 
queen; but it's the best your poor lover can find. He'll do better for you some of these days, I'm thinking. "  "He would have sold me with his acres," the other cried, in a voice which was hoarse with passion. He held a short, metal-headed stick in his hand, and he advanced in so menacing a fashion that I was right glad to feel the revolver in my pocket. "What name?" he 
asked. "Nothing of any importance. There can be no question that Stapleton had 
a confidant, though it is unlikely that he ever placed himself in his power by sharing all his plans with him. He had visited friends in Hammersmith that 
night. Was last seen by his fiancee, Miss Violet Westbury, whom he left abruptly in the fog about 7:30 that evening. What do you think of my theory?"  "It is all surmise. "  "But at least it covers all the facts. "  "I could very easily give you half a dozen," said Holmes. The man leaned over 
and pulled up the front of a kind of hutch in the corner. "Lend me your bull's-eye, sergeant," said my companion. "Well, if 
there is nothing to be learned here, we had best go inside. Inspector Martin rose and touched his prisoner on the shoulder. "Come, Herr Professor, we're not going to quarrel at this time of day. "  "What do you make of it?"  "It is very bewildering. It was with difficulty that we made our way across London Bridge. That's my reading of the first half. "  The two detectives shook their heads. We have descended in safety, though in a 
most unexpected fashion, and all is well with us. There the matter must be left. Miss Morstan had remained behind with the frightened housekeeper. He showed me out through his 
own French window, which had been open all this time. But there is no call for haste. He was dizzy, sick, faint, but he must not die, and he must not tarry, for his life meant many lives that day. Let nothing prevent you from staying where you are all day. Sir Nigel and his lady walked on in deep talk, while a fat under-steward took charge of the three comrades, and led them to the buttery, where beef, bread, and beer were kept ever in readiness for the wayfarer. After a hearty meal and a dip in the trough to wash the dust from them, they strolled forth into the bailey, where the bowman peered about through the darkness at wall and at keep, with the carping eyes of one who has seen something of sieges, and is not likely to be satisfied. To Alleyne and to John, however, it appeared to be as great and as stout a fortress as could be built by the hands of man. Not a word about the jewels came out at the trial, for the rajah had been deposed and driven out of India: so no one had any particular interest in them. They thought to tire me out, 
but they could not do it. I dare say it was by some such device that poor Savage, who stood between this monster and a reversion, was done to death. "  "The matter is a very private one. If the devil did desire to have a hand in the affairs of men--"  "Then you are yourself inclining to the supernatural explanation. "  It was a sight to see Cecil Barker's expressive face during this exposition of the great detective. "I have seen a good deal of HIM since," he answered. "Nay, my true-heart! I have tried you too often not to 
know. This little conundrum came by the first post, and he was to follow by the next train. My instinct now is to work from the other 
end. At the sight a deep groan of rage and of despair went up from the baffled rescuers, and, spurring on their horses, they clattered down the long and winding path which led to the valley beneath. These, we presume, indicated the nature of the papers which had been destroyed by Colonel Openshaw. He rummaged in his coat pocket, and, drawing out a piece of discoloured, blue-tinted paper, he laid it out upon the table. It was I who lit the lamp some minutes afterward. "  "Did you see no one?"  "No. "  "What business is it of yours, then?"  "It's every man's business to see justice done. I found out where Lieutenant Charpentier was, took two officers with me, and arrested him. There is a sharp turning of the road, and I pedalled very quickly round this, and then I stopped and waited. "Driving back 
in the evening from Coombe Tracey he was in time to get his hound, to treat it with his infernal paint, and to bring the beast round to the gate at which he had reason to expect that he would find the old gentleman waiting. The dog, incited by its master, sprang over the wicket-gate and pursued the unfortunate baronet, who fled screaming down the yew alley. "  "He only repeated what some fool had said at the inquest. In the surgeon's deposition it was stated that the posterior third of the left parietal bone and the left half of the occipital bone had been shattered by a heavy blow from a blunt weapon. The injuries were such as might very well have been inflicted by the butt-end of his son's gun, which was found lying on the grass within a few paces of the body. Can you give me his name and address?"  Lestrade glanced at his note-book. "He disappeared upon the 3d of December, 
1878,--nearly ten years ago. Then I remember that there was a name that came continually to his lips. "'Ah, Jack,' she said, 'I have just been in to see if 
I can be of any assistance to our new neighbors. 'Strange story of high life'--you felt fairly 
high on that pedestal, did you not?  Then a sub-title, 'Glimpse of a singular menage. '  He's a foul feeder, is Mr. Holmes. It shows me very clearly the state of your own nerves. "  "Exactly. Of course I have other reasons for thinking so--dozens of exiguous threads which lead vaguely up towards the centre of the web where the poisonous, motionless creature is lurking. How good it was when we were hailed by the voice of Zambo, and, going to the edge of the plateau, saw him sitting grinning at us upon the top of the opposite pinnacle. "All well, Massa Challenger, all well!" he cried. "I don't 
know what he would say if I brought you in that sudden way. "  "Tut! Tut!" said McGinty, getting off his barrel. He's got the dibbs, he has, 
and where do you think he is at this moment? Why, he's the chaplain of this ship--the chaplain, no less! He came aboard with a black coat, and his papers right, and money enough in his box to buy the thing right up from keel to main-truck. The crew are his, body and soul. See, now, to the poor souls who swing at either end of his yard-arm!"  At each end of the yard there did indeed hang the dark figure of a man, jolting and lurching with hideous jerkings of its limbs at every plunge and swoop of the galley. Ford's feet reached the edge of the bulwarks, and his 
hand clutching a rope he swung himself on board. The diagram upon it appears to be a plan of part of a large building with numerous halls, corridors, and passages. At one point is a small cross done in red ink, and above it is '3. 37 from left,' in faded pencil-writing. In the left-hand corner is a curious hieroglyphic like four crosses in a line with their arms touching. Beside it is written, in very rough and coarse characters, 'The sign of the four,--Jonathan Small, Mahomet Singh, Abdullah Khan, Dost Akbar. ' No, I confess that I do not see how this bears upon the matter. Are you hungry, Watson?"  "Not particularly. "  "Then I suggest that we turn our dinner into a supper and follow up this clue while it is still hot. 'I must have the consent of my three comrades. The prisoners were left for the moment standing alone in the middle of the clearing. He walked with his head sunk, his 
shoulders curved, and his knees bent, as one who strives hard to remain unseen. I have spoken with 
this policeman to-night and he appears to me to be a perfectly reliable person. If I am in the hands of the law, let things 
be done in a legal way. "  "But I suppose either Sir James, or you, or West has that technical knowledge?"  "No doubt we had, but I beg you won't try to drag me into the matter, Mr. Patrick Cairns occupies too large a proportion of our carpet. This carpet 
was a small square drugget in the centre of the room, surrounded by a broad expanse of beautiful, old-fashioned wood-flooring in square blocks, highly polished. Over the fireplace was a magnificent trophy of weapons, one of which had been used on that tragic night. Was last seen by his fiancee, Miss Violet Westbury, whom he left abruptly in the fog about 7:30 that evening. Occasionally in our rambles we came across Inspector 
Baynes. "What do you make of it?"  He held up his candle before an extraordinary object which stood at the back of the dresser. It was so wrinkled and shrunken and withered that it was difficult to say what it might have been. I'll bet she meets us at the door of Heaven with a big pitcher of water, and a lot of buckwheat cakes, hot, and toasted on both sides, like Bob and me was fond of. But hardly had the woman rushed from the room when Holmes, with swift, silent steps, was over at the other door. As we approached 
it I heard the sharp rattling of a chain, and the sound as of a large animal moving about. There is some queer illness down yonder, that's beyond all doubt, and to-day there's a cable just come in from Singapore that the lighthouses are out of action in the Straits of Sundan, and two ships on the beach in consequence. We are four able-bodied men in this 
household, so that we could take good care of ourselves, but I confess that I have had uneasy moments when I have thought of the Stapletons. They live miles from any help. "  Holmes laughed good-humoredly. 'I'm an excellent subject, if you can deduce anything from me. And yet if his wife and 
I talked together or there seemed any sympathy between us, a kind of wave of jealousy would pass over him, and he would be off the handle and saying the wildest things in a moment. "Well, sir, there's the box-room opposite. I could arrange 
a looking-glass, maybe, and if you were behind the door--"  "Excellent!" said Holmes. "Let us hear what you have to say. There was sooth 
in what the alderman said of it. Or should you rather that I sent James off to bed?"  "Oh, no, no! I want the doctor's advice and help, too. Now, here's a note for 
a hundred pounds, and if you think that we can do business you may just slip it into your pocket as an advance upon your salary. '  "'That is very handsome,' said I. "Noticed anything peculiar about the room?" 
asked Holmes. "When a crisis comes, as it will do, I will direct how you shall act. I suppose that by Saturday all might be ready?"  "Would that suit Dr. Mortimer remained with him at cards until it was very late. "I have said, gentlemen, that I am this man's 
wife. But Godfrey was the heir to this crabbed old nobleman, and it was quite certain that the news of his marriage would have been the end of his inheritance. I knew the lad well, and I loved him for his many excellent qualities. A client is to me a mere unit,--a factor in a problem. Behold the result!"  He put one hand in the front of his ragged jacket and pointed proudly with the other. Finally, it was not until after midnight that the four travelers were released at the entrance to Lord John Roxton's chambers in the Albany, and that the exuberant crowd, having sung 'They are Jolly Good Fellows' in chorus, concluded their program with 'God Save the King. Clear the causeway for the 
king's own man. "That is he who paints the signs and the tokens. Alack and alas that ever I should have been fool enough to trust him! Now, young man, what manner of a bird would you suppose a pied merlin to be--that being the proper sign of my hostel?"  "Why," said Alleyne, "a merlin is a bird of the same form as an eagle or a falcon. I can well remember that learned brother Bartholomew, who is deep in all the secrets of nature, pointed one out to me as we walked together near Vinney Ridge. I lost sight of him behind a stack of chimneys, but he presently reappeared, and then vanished once more upon the opposite side. Of course a match could not have done that. In the meantime, don't you fret yourself, my dearie, and don't get your eyes swelled up, else he'll be walking into me when he sees you. '  "What were the terms?"  "Well, sir, they were that he was to have a key of the house. Some of them 
pointed at me, and a couple of bullets sang past my head; so I broke away across the paddy-fields, and found myself late at night safe within the walls at Agra. I don't know if any of you gentlemen have ever read or heard anything of that old fort. It is a very queer place,--the queerest that ever I was in, and I have been in some rum corners, too. They were anxious to hear what happened. "  As he spoke he drew the dog-whip swiftly from the dead man's lap, and throwing the noose round the reptile's neck he drew it from its horrid perch and, carrying it at arm's length, threw it into the iron safe, which he closed upon it. It has not been considerate enough to 
leave any of its hair behind it. When we got back to Scotland it was easily 
hushed up, and nobody asked any questions. He was grabbing at our stores all the time 
he spoke. "Who are these gentlemen whom you have brought with you?"  "One is Mr. Hilton Cubitt. All was quiet with him, save that a long 
inscription had appeared that morning upon the pedestal of the sundial. He inclosed a copy of it, which is here reproduced:   GRAPHIC   Holmes bent over this grotesque frieze for some minutes, and then suddenly sprang to his feet with an exclamation of surprise and dismay. "By 
heaven, Holmes," I said, half rising, "I believe that they are really after us. We looked back on it now, the slanting rays of a low sun turning the streams to threads of gold and glowing on the red earth new turned by the plough and the broad tangle of the woodlands. The road in front of us grew bleaker and wilder over huge russet and olive slopes, sprinkled with giant boulders. Both road 
and stream wound up through a valley dense with scrub oak and fir. Thick, muscular arms, covered with a reddish down, protruded from the wide sleeves of his habit, while his white shirt, looped up upon one side, gave a glimpse of a huge knotty leg, scarred and torn with the scratches of brambles. With a bow to the Abbot, which had in it perhaps more pleasantry than reverence, the novice strode across to the carved prie-dieu which had been set apart for him, and stood silent and erect with his hand upon the gold bell which was used in the private orisons of the Abbot's own household. Watson's 
reports are most incriminating documents. Again and again I had the same indignant reply. He then pushed open the door and entered. "Any 
news?" he asked, eagerly. We were all eager by this time, even the policemen and stokers, who had a very vague idea of what was going forward. "We have no 
right to take anything for granted," Holmes answered. "Your conduct has been most infamous. However, as you have been a long time in the family, I have no wish to bring public disgrace upon you. " So saying, 
with downcast lids and a dignity which was somewhat marred by her bedraggled skirt, she swept off down the muddy track, leaving Alleyne standing staring ruefully after her. No man will take her from 
me. He was a strange little ferret-like man, with white eyelashes, and when I looked up at him I found his keen gray eyes fixed upon me with an amused expression. "It is a curious collection. "  "Very curious, and the story that hangs round it will strike you as being more curious still. Some day, when I have a better desk than a meat-tin 
and more helpful tools than a worn stub of pencil and a last, tattered note-book, I will write some fuller account of the Accala Indians--of our life amongst them, and of the glimpses which we had of the strange conditions of wondrous Maple White Land. "  "There is a very proper cog out yonder," said Sir Nigel, "it would be a very strange thing if any ship were not a war-ship when it had such men as these upon her decks. On her larboard quarter lay the two dark galleys, which had already hoisted sail, and were shooting out from Freshwater Bay in swift pursuit, their double line of oars giving them a vantage which could not fail to bring them up with any vessel which trusted to sails alone. "  "Besides," said I, "he has been a good friend to every one of us. It was a 
mighty consolation to us all to know that you were runnin' loose and had the archives in your keepin'. "Well, now, young fellah, I'll 
tell you what will surprise you. "     

CHAPTER VI  

"I was the Flail of the Lord"  Lord John Roxton and I turned down Vigo Street together and through the dingy portals of the famous aristocratic rookery. At the end of a long drab passage my new acquaintance pushed open a door and turned on an electric switch. A number of lamps shining through tinted shades bathed the whole great room before us in a ruddy radiance. I crouched low among the bushes, for I knew from past experience that with a single cry the creature could bring a hundred of its loathsome mates about my ears. "Yes, my lord, for the town being very ancient and the walls as old as the town, it follows that they are very ancient too. In the deep shadow of 
the tree there was a deeper shadow yet, black, inchoate, vague--a crouching form full of savage vigor and menace. It was no higher than a horse, but the dim outline suggested vast bulk and strength. At my cry he dropped it from his grasp and turned as pale as death. Mais Le Seigneur 
d'Andelys, avec le sang des rois dans ses veins! C'est incroyable!"  Sir Nigel turned upon his heel, while two seamen cast a noose over the pirate's neck. "  "That seems the most reasonable theory," said Stapleton, and he gave a sigh which I took to indicate his relief. He was indeed off, for after 
sniffing round again he suddenly made up his mind, and darted away with an energy and determination such as he had not yet shown. 'Why, dash it all!' said he, 'I've let them go at six hundred for the three!' I soon managed to get the address of the receiver who had them, on promising him that there would be no prosecution. Off I set to him, and after much chaffering I got our stones at 1000 pounds apiece. There's money in this case, Watson, if there is nothing else. Was it crime last night when a man old enough to be your father was beaten till the blood dripped from his white hairs? Was that crime--or what else would you call it?"  "There are some would say it was war," said McMurdo, "a war of two classes with all in, so that each struck as best it could. "  "Well, did you think of such a thing when you joined the Freeman's society at Chicago?"  "No, I'm bound to say I did not. "  "I shall try not to miss anything of importance. Let me hear you reconstruct 
the man by an examination of it. But a second consideration struck me. I am a 
methodical man, you see, and you never know what turn events might take afterwards. The butler 
brought me my coffee into the library, and I took the chance to ask him a few questions. Sufficient for me to share the sport and lend my humble help to the capture without distracting that intent brain with needless interruption. "Really, Holmes," said I severely, "you are a little trying at times. As the major expressed it, 
the smile had often been struck from his mouth, as if by some invisible hand, when he has been joining the gayeties and chaff of the mess-table. For days on end, when the mood was on him, he has been sunk in the deepest gloom. But right across the southern horizon was one long vivid scarlet streak, waxing and waning in vivid pulses of life, leaping suddenly to a crimson zenith and then dying down to a glowing line of fire. Pray draw up to it, and I shall 
order you a cup of hot coffee, for I observe that you are shivering. Somewhere there, on that 
desolate plain, was lurking this fiendish man, hiding in a burrow like a wild beast, his heart full of malignancy against the whole race which had cast him out. "  He chuckled to himself and rubbed his long, nervous hands together. "  "Go on, old babe of the woods!" "Have at it, Hampshire!" cried the archers laughing. "This is just the case where they might be invaluable. "  "Then I shall certainly come. " All day the little band of Englishmen lay in the sheltered gorge, looking down upon the vast host of their unconscious enemies. Yet, as there are many of us, and as the service may not be to the liking of all, I pray that those will step forward from the ranks who have the will to follow me. How could my hair have 
been locked in the drawer? With trembling hands I undid my trunk, turned out the contents, and drew from the bottom my own hair. For a moment we caught a 
glimpse of the natural man, impulsive, ardent, keenly sensitive. The next the aristocratic mask was replaced, and the gentle voice had returned. Holmes read it and was about to 
place it in his notebook when he caught a glimpse of my expectant face. On getting into the room I at 
once looked for the means by which the poison had entered the system. As you saw, I discovered a thorn which had been driven or shot with no great force into the scalp. You observe that the part struck was that which would be turned towards the hole in the ceiling if the man were erect in his chair. There is nothing against them then but the woman's character. "How now, Don Martin de la Carra?" he cried. "May all our 
difficulties vanish as easily!" said Sherlock Holmes. He would rather walk with 
me in the evening than in the daylight, for he said that he hated to be conspicuous. Very retiring and gentlemanly he was. Private detectives are a 
class with whom I have absolutely no sympathy, but none the less, having heard your name--"  "Quite so. Tell him to come in the morning if he really must see me. You may remember that I was distrait, and remained sitting after you had all alighted. I was marvelling in my own mind how I could possibly have overlooked so obvious a clue. Then I made inquiries as to this mysterious assistant and found that I had to deal with one of the coolest and most daring criminals in London. This advertisement will appear in each of them. "  "No tracks or marks?"  "None. The only other kinsman whom we have been able to trace was Rodger Baskerville, the youngest of three brothers of whom poor Sir Charles was the elder. Our landlord was an intelligent man, and spoke excellent English, having served for three years as waiter at the Grosvenor Hotel in London. "  "To London?"  "Yes, I think that we should be more useful there at the present juncture. "  The baronet's face perceptibly lengthened. "I hoped that you were going to see 
me through this business. We have gained that much. A ruffian--a common 
brawling ruffian--that's what you have become. "  "Be good, Jessie. Say 'please,' and down you come. "  "May I be there to see!" I exclaimed devoutly. "But you were speaking of this man Porlock. "  "Ah, yes--the so-called Porlock is a link in the chain some little way from its great attachment. Porlock is not quite a sound link--between ourselves. I desired no more. It was death to the man that lost his grip. There was just one way of doing it, and I did it. We pulled up halfway 
down the street and waited an hour and a half. Then, still keeping a hundred 
yards behind, we followed into Oxford Street and so down Regent Street. "  "Yes, sir. "  "He wasn't a tall, handsome, dark young man?"  "Oh, no, sir. "  "That, of course, explains it. Ha! William, they advance upon us; and, by my soul! it is a sight that is worth coming over the seas to see. " He pushed past the servant and rushed into the drawing-room, followed by the King and myself. "  "You are very good, sir. He was off like a shot and got clean away. Finally he 
laid down his pipe and sprang to his feet. We were round after her in an instant, but she was already nearly at the bank. I was 
five months in hospital over it, and when at last I was able to limp out of it with this timber toe strapped to my stump I found myself invalided out of the army and unfitted for any active occupation. "  "Oh, my night could not be called monotonous," said he, and laughed. "No offense, young fellah. "  When we reached the edge of the cliff I looked over and saw our good old black Zambo sitting smoking on a rock below us. "  "By my hilt!" cried Aylward, as the yellow flame flickered up, "it is indeed young master Ford, and I think that this seneschal is a black villain, who dare not face us in the day but would murther us in our sleep. I shook him by the arm, 'It's time to get out,' I said. "'All right, cabby,' said he. "No one can see him 
come to the house after dark, and I'll lay to it that no one will see him go. Some further remark of Lord Roxton's about the danger only made me irritable. "Talking won't make 
it any better," said I. "  "Then stand on your guard, sir!" With a clatter and dash the two blades met once more, Alleyne pressing in so as to keep within the full sweep of the heavy blade, while Tranter as continually sprang back to have space for one of his fatal cuts. A three-parts-parried blow drew blood from Alleyne's left shoulder, but at the same moment he wounded Tranter slightly upon the thigh. Do I make it clear?"  "Wonderful!" cried the Colonel. "Wonderful! You might have been there!"  "My final shot was, I confess a very long one. This crime is from London, not 
from America. Even in these days of Board schools----"  "Well," I interrupted, "any large South American animal--a tapir, for example. "  "The billiard-marker and the other?"  "Precisely. It was I. I chanced into the telegraph bureau, and he was leaving it. On the contrary, from day to day I had become more irritable at the sight, and my conscience swelled nightly within me at the thought that I had lacked the courage to protest. Again and again I had registered a vow that I should deliver my soul upon the subject, but there was that in the cool, nonchalant air of my companion which made him the last man with whom one would care to take anything approaching to a liberty. "  "But there is life upon the plateau all the same," his colleague replied in triumph. "That is just what he would have said. "We'll fix you yet!"     Chapter 5--The Darkest Hour    If anything had been needed to give an impetus to Jack McMurdo's popularity among his fellows it would have been his arrest and acquittal. That a man on the very night of joining the lodge should have done something which brought him before the magistrate was a new record in the annals of the society. Author of 

'Some Freaks of Atavism' (Lancet 1882). 'Do We Progress?' 

(Journal of Psychology, March, 1883). Medical Officer 

for the parishes of Grimpen, Thorsley, and High Barrow. "  "No mention of that local hunt, Watson," said Holmes with a mischievous smile, "but a country doctor, as you very astutely observed. If I remember 
right, he stumbled over a heap of stones, looked up at the stars, and so on. His blood was fairly aflame, 
however, and he needed no such challenge. He could but sit gasping and stretching his long, thin limbs, as if to assure himself that he was still really upon this planet. Challenger walked across to the oxygen tube, and the sound of the loud hissing fell away till it was the most gentle sibilation. "We must husband our supply of the gas," said he. 
'What do you intend to do about Mawson's?'  "I had forgotten all about Mawson's in my joy. "Thank you, sir. He was dressed like a toff, and he had a black beard, cut square at the end, and a pale face. "We must further into the mountains ere we be in safety. "  Archers and seamen lay flat upon the deck, waiting in stolid silence for whatever fate might come. And then you will return in front of him. His wife is a bad lot, though. What did you do next?"  Rance resumed his seat, without however losing his mystified expression. 
"Because I could tell them what they are dying to know; but nothing would induce me to help the rascals in any way. The instant that the Professor had disappeared, it struck me what a really extraordinarily lucky chance Fate had placed in my way. I fear that the incident must have a very prejudicial effect upon his career. "  "But if the document is found?"  "Ah, that, of course, would be different. It must be confessed, however, that 
the case looks exceedingly grave against the young man, and it is very possible that he is indeed the culprit. There are several people in the neighbourhood, however, and among them Miss Turner, the daughter of the neighbouring landowner, who believe in his innocence, and who have retained Lestrade, whom you may recollect in connection with the Study in Scarlet, to work out the case in his interest. Put on your hat, Watson, and we will stroll down together to Westminster. Our readers will remember that the deceased gentleman was found stabbed in his room, and that some suspicion attached to his valet, but that the case broke down on an ALIBI. It was Garcia, then, who had an enterprise, and apparently a criminal enterprise, in hand that night in the course of which he met his death. The 
execution had now been duly carried out. As to his escaping by that window, it 
was incredible. Can you not clear up the last point in this mystery, and tell us the reasons for your action?"  "It was simple enough, sir, if you only had known, but, with all your cleverness, it was impossible that you could know. "  "Where did he live, then?"  "He slept on the premises. I do not recall any other question which I desired 
to ask. He was my benefactor, and all my desire was to carry out his wishes in every particular. "  "Good heaven! Did no one examine?"  "Yes, I examined, myself. Was it possible to exist upon a dead world?  Just as 
in physics the greater body draws to itself the lesser, would we not feel an overpowering attraction from that vast body of humanity which had passed into the unknown?  How would the end come?  Would it be from a return of the poison?  Or would the earth be uninhabitable from the mephitic products of universal decay?  Or, finally, might our awful situation prey upon and unbalance our minds?  A group of insane folk upon a dead world! My mind was brooding upon this last dreadful idea when some slight noise caused me to look down upon the road beneath me. Look at it in this way, then. 
It is a hat of the very best quality. Look at the band of ribbed silk and the excellent lining. If this man could afford to buy so expensive a hat three years ago, and has had no hat since, then he has assuredly gone down in the world. "Holmes!" I 
cried--"Holmes!"  "Come out," said he, "and please be careful with the revolver. We'll have no 
more violence. 'He was more like a malignant and cunning ape than a human being,' said she, 'and he always was, ever since he was a young man. The clerk hurried away in horror; but, ere 
he had gone many paces, he heard a sudden, sullen thump, with a choking, whistling sound at the end of it. Just beyond were two ancient stone pillars, weather-stained and lichen-blotched, bearing upon their summits a shapeless something which had once been the rampant lion of Capus of Birlstone. A short walk along the winding drive with such sward and oaks around it as one only sees in rural England, then a sudden turn, and the long, low Jacobean house of dingy, liver-coloured brick lay before us, with an old-fashioned garden of cut yews on each side of it. "Do you see 
any prospect of solving this mystery, Mr. Reuben Hayes?" said Holmes. I assure 
you that I have never in my life seen anything more clearly. As far as I could judge, the figure was that of a tall, thin man. Yes, I gather there has been 
violence, and that the body is left for our inspection. A mere suicide would not have caused him to send for me. That's the puzzling part. We'd soon be against 
the wall if we didn't shove back at those that were pushing us. The man-eatin' Papuans had me once, but they are Chesterfields compared to this crowd. In vain they strove to break loose. That is all very certain. The general sequence of events is pretty clear, is it not?  A couple seek refuge in London from a very terrible and instant danger. You have evidently seen more 
in these rooms than was visible to me. I glanced down at my hand, which was throbbing 
painfully, and then, for the first time, saw that my thumb had been cut off and that the blood was pouring from my wound. The evidence against him is certainly very strong. He had a great interest in the disappearance of the favorite. Silas Brown, the trainer, is known to have had large bets upon the event, and he was no friend to poor Straker. When, however, another morning had come, and I found that beyond the arrest of young Fitzroy Simpson nothing had been done, I felt that it was time for me to take action. It is but right, perhaps, that I should carry on the tale and show also the results. ('Shame! 
shame!')  He had no desire to be offensive. ('You are!' and interruption. Would you mind touching the bell?  There is no one in the house 
except old Martha, who has played her part to admiration. Thunders of applause from 
the English soldiers, as well as from the citizens and peasants, showed how far the love of brave and knightly deeds could rise above the rivalries of race. There is no 
persuading them. "  "Very naturally. By the way, about the bird, we were compelled to eat it. "  "Did you hear from Mr. Soames. "  "What could he have wanted there?"  "I think it is clear enough. "  "But why should this man pretend to be his own brother?"  "Well, that is pretty clear also. "  The stout gentleman half rose from his chair and gave a bob of greeting, with a quick little questioning glance from his small fat-encircled eyes. "'You have less frontal development than I should have 
expected,' said he, at last. 'You must not say a word to any one about it, and I shall see you again soon. There have 
been decorators and furnishers up from Plymouth, and it is evident that our friend has large ideas and means to spare no pains or expense to restore the grandeur of his family. She is herself the very soul of delicacy. A shadow of a doubt as to my conduct would bring the matter to an end. I had a vague memory 
that as I have travelled by it I have occasionally seen windows just above my head. Then she looked into my upturned face with a very wistful smile. "Why do you say that?" she asked. "We have never found it necessary. "  "Oh yes, it is most necessary. Then these are your instructions, and I beg, my dear Watson, that you will obey them to the letter, for you are now playing a double-handed game with me against the cleverest rogue and the most powerful syndicate of criminals in Europe. ' There was no name 
appended to this message. He knows where the young man is--to that I'll swear, and if he knows, then it must be our own fault if we cannot manage to know also. '  "'Ah, but I sleep more heavily than you. "  Holmes leaned back in his chair, placed his finger-tips together, and closed his eyes, with an air of resignation. We all had good reason to join in 
the aspiration; for our vigil was a long and bitter one. Holmes's knowledge of the byways of London was extraordinary, and on this occasion he passed rapidly and with an assured step through a network of mews and stables, the very existence of which I had never known. "  A shadow passed over the expressive face of the statesman. "Then I will tell 
you, relying entirely upon your honour and that of your colleague, Dr. Armstrong, I think we are a little at cross-purposes," said my friend, with dignity. "If you could step downstairs with us, we may each be able to give some light to the other upon this miserable affair. He is utterly innocent of it. It was shallow, for in many places I saw low sandbanks protruding above the water. What weapon would he choose? You would say the most silent in the world. If you seriously desire to deceive me you must change your tobacconist; for when I see the stub of a cigarette marked Bradley, Oxford Street, I know that my friend Watson is in the neighbourhood. McCarthy kept two servants--a man and a girl. 
Her face was turned away as we entered, but we could see that she was dressed in a red frock, and that she had long white gloves on. Afterwards he had, to fulfill the prearranged cipher, to fill in any two words in each space. "  Both the foresters and the laborers had risen from their bench, and Dame Eliza and the travelling doctor had flung themselves between the two parties with soft words and soothing gestures, when the door of the "Pied Merlin" was flung violently open, and the attention of the company was drawn from their own quarrel to the new-comer who had burst so unceremoniously upon them. Before I permitted anything to be moved, I examined most carefully the ground outside, and also the floor of the room. "  "And the dog?"  "Has been in the habit of carrying this stick behind his master. "Yes, sir. "  "And brought Miss Hunter down from London in order to get rid of the disagreeable persistence of Mr. Frankland, of Lafter Hall, who is also an 
unknown factor, and there are one or two other neighbours. Dr. Mortimer, "that you do not look 
with suspicious eyes upon everyone who received a legacy from Sir Charles, for I also had a thousand pounds left to me. I guess it was the heat, but I felt swimmy for a moment. The others lay on their faces to avoid the deadly hail, while at each side of the plateau a fringe of bowmen exchanged shots with the slingers and crossbowmen among the rocks, aiming mainly at those who had swarmed up the cliffs, and bursting into laughter and cheers when a well-aimed shaft brought one of their opponents toppling down from his lofty perch. "I think, Nigel," said Sir 
Oliver, striding across to the little knight, "that we should all acquit ourselves better had we our none-meat, for the sun is high in the heaven. He and I seemed to be the only living things between the huge arch of the sky and the desert beneath it. But why should any criminal wish to ring the bell? It is a most insoluble mystery. "  "But what fresh evidence could you have got?"  "Aha! It is not for nothing that I have turned myself out of bed at the untimely hour of six. Pray allow me to keep the papers. I shall take your 
advice in every particular. I sent a telegram home, therefore, to say that I had important business on hand, and that it was impossible for me to say how late I might be. But I know that I shall never be easy in my mind until I know what has become of my poor man with the sticking-plaster upon his face. At his fall the guardsmen took to their heels in one direction and the loungers in the other, while a number of better-dressed people, who had watched the scuffle without taking part in it, crowded in to help the lady and to attend to the injured man. Therefore we may say with confidence that the wooden-legged man is identical with Jonathan Small. Much 
has come to him from his father, and more still he has set by himself, for he is of a low nature and hoards his gold rather than spend it. "Brenda Tregennis," said he. "How do you think 
he found out where the treasure was?  He had come to the conclusion that it was somewhere indoors:  so he worked out all the cubic space of the house, and made measurements everywhere, so that not one inch should be unaccounted for. "  A terrible sob shook his great frame, and he clutched his throat under his brindled beard. Then with an effort he mastered himself and spoke on:  "The vicar knew. When they had 

brought her to the Hall the maiden was placed in an upper 

chamber, while Hugo and his friends sat down to a long 

carouse, as was their nightly custom. They were grouped round the bier in the 
early hours of the morning, when, to their inexpressible fear and astonishment, the door was flung open, and a savage-looking, weather-beaten man in tattered garments strode into the room. "  "It looks newer than the other things?"  "Yes, it was only put there a couple of years ago. Life can whack me about 
now, and it can't leave a mark. "  "It is a mark that I have found before now," answered the young bowman. "It is 
shame and sin to see two Christian Englishmen turn swords against each other like the frenzied bloodthirsty paynim. "  "And, what is more," said Hordle John, suddenly appearing out of the buttery with the huge board upon which the pastry was rolled, "if either raise sword I shall flatten him like a Shrovetide pancake. By the black rood! I shall drive him into the earth, like a nail into a door, rather than see you do scath to each other. I shall take what you leave. Outside the wind still screamed and the rain splashed and pattered against the windows. There were no shutters on these: only light curtains 
which drew across. If they have been living in the same place during this time, it is probable that we shall have some answer to Mycroft's advertisement. "  "Was he the only applicant?"  "No, I had a dozen. "  "Why did you pick him?"  "Because he was handy and would come cheap. "  "At half-wages, in fact. "  "I beg, sir, that you will change the subject. You look at these scattered houses, and you are impressed by their beauty. Mrs. Douglas over this matter; 
for she has enough upon her just now. I have finished with the carpet. Here it is!"  Holmes held it out to me. I've had to do with fifty murderers in my career, but the worst of them never gave me the repulsion which I have for this fellow. His father was the 
notorious Sir Jabez Gilchrist, who ruined himself on the turf. My scholar has been left very poor, but he is hard-working and industrious. He will do well. I came to you, Mr. 
Blessington. I have no doubt in my mind that both on the first and on the second occasion that young man penetrated to Blessington's room, while his confederate, by an ingenious device, kept the doctor from interfering. "  "And the catalepsy?"  "A fraudulent imitation, Watson, though I should hardly dare to hint as much to our specialist. "Your last remark," said Holmes, presently, "as to the 
possibility of there being an understanding between the burglar and the servant, and this being a note of appointment from one to the other, is an ingenious and not entirely impossible supposition. "  "You think so, too?"  "I did not say a probable one. " As he spoke he whirled the covering from the 
object in front of him and showed to their horror that it was a newly-severed human leg. I saw 'er with my own eyes startin' a marathon from the 'all-door. "  "Good gracious!"  "So you'd say, sir, if you could see some of the goings on. At one side of the 
fireplace was a heavy curtain which covered the bay window we had seen from outside. On the other side was the door which communicated with the veranda. A desk stood in the centre, with a turning-chair of shining red leather. The turmoil 
within my brain was such that something must surely snap. With trembling 
fingers I flung back the lid. Peering down into the box he snapped his fingers 
several times and was heard from the Press seat to say, 'Come, then, pretty, pretty!' in a coaxing voice. "May I ask, in the first place, why you came to me at all?"  "Well, sir, it did not appear to be a matter which concerned the police, and yet, when you have heard the facts, you must admit that I could not leave it where it was. "  "Your nerve, Walters?  I should not have thought you had a nerve in your body. "What's this mark?" he asked. "Who?"  "The folk on the countryside. Sir Henry has, I suppose, no superstitious fears in the matter?"  "I do not think that it is likely. Had the germs of it arrived from outside upon a meteor?  It was hardly conceivable. I therefore sent off a telegram to 
my friend Algar, of the Liverpool force, and asked him to find out if Mrs. Laura Lyons. We regard 
this case as one of murder, and the evidence may implicate not only your friend Mr. Waldron 
for the very picturesque and imaginative address to which we have just listened. A low moaning sound was 
coming from somewhere over our heads. "Well, Mr. Holmes, but I give you my word, that I got a shake when I put my head into that little house. Good-night. ' I kissed her and went up to my bedroom again, where I was soon asleep. He is making notes and consulting books at the central table, as calmly as if years of placid work lay before him. Our only chance of safety lay in making a clean job of it, said he, and he would not leave a tongue with power to wag in a witness-box. It nearly came to our sharing the fate of the prisoners, but at last he said that if we wished we might take a boat and go. We jumped at the offer, for we were already sick of these bloodthirsty doings, and we saw that there would be worse before it was done. But that again would mean a confession of the past. '"  "Very interesting reading it might be made, too," remarked Sherlock Holmes, sticking a small piece of plaster over the prick on his finger. "I 
have to be careful," he continued, turning to me with a smile, "for I dabble with poisons a good deal. "  "Then I was right. Lodgers often have them. "Courage, child!" they heard the 
tall man exclaim in strange hybrid French. It is introspective, and I want to introspect. Come along!"  We travelled by the Underground as far as Aldersgate; and a short walk took us to Saxe-Coburg Square, the scene of the singular story which we had listened to in the morning. The crime was committed before twelve last night. "  "But how?"  "Very simply. When those packets were sealed up, Jonas Oldacre got McFarlane to secure one of the seals by putting his thumb upon the soft wax. It would be done so quickly and so naturally, that I daresay the young man himself has no recollection of it. We must push for Carson City through the mountains. "  "I had thought that you were in Spain with the valiant Henry of Trastamare. "  "I have been there, but I came to France to raise succor for him. I was 
struggling and screaming when Gennaro entered and attacked him. An archer had brought him a change of clothes from the cog, and he had already, with the elasticity of youth, shaken off the troubles and fatigues of the morning. Had he done well to say so much, or had he not done better to have said more? What would the knight have said had he confessed to his love for the Lady Maude? Would he cast him off in disgrace, or might he chide him as having abused the shelter of his roof? It had been ready upon his tongue to tell him all when Sir Oliver had broken in upon them. 
"Courage, child!" they heard the tall man exclaim in strange hybrid French. "  "Your works?"  "Oh, didn't you know?" he cried, laughing. "Only one of those whimsical little incidents which will happen when you have four million human beings all jostling each other within the space of a few square miles. "  "So how long do you think it took you?"  "Well, half an hour, maybe, with that asthmatic in front. Was this the luxurious Lord John Roxton who had sat that evening in the Albany amidst his Persian rugs and his pictures in the pink radiance of the tinted lights?  And was this the imposing Professor who had swelled behind the great desk in his massive study at Enmore Park?  And, finally, could this be the austere and prim figure which had risen before the meeting at the Zoological Institute?  No three tramps that one could have met in a Surrey lane could have looked more hopeless and bedraggled. We had, it is true, been only a week or so upon the top of the plateau, but all our spare clothing was in our camp below, and the one week had been a severe one upon us all, though least to me who had not to endure the handling of the ape-men. My three friends had all lost their hats, and had now bound handkerchiefs round their heads, their clothes hung in ribbons about them, and their unshaven grimy faces were hardly to be recognized. You should publish an account of the case. 
There is something in it which fascinates me extremely. If you will permit me, Colonel, I will leave my friend Watson and you, and I will step round with the Inspector to test the truth of one or two little fancies of mine. I should be glad to be able to say afterwards that I had solved it without your help. By his cries he must have run a long way after he knew the animal was on his track. He fled when he knew the game was 
up, still clutching it. How shall it be, then, mon enfant? Collar and elbow, or close-lock, or catch how you can?"  "To the devil with your tricks," said John, opening and shutting his great red hands. "  "And when will you call?"  "At eight in the morning. A page from the inner banqueting-hall had come with 
word that their master intended to drink wine at the lodgings of the Lord Chandos that night, and that he desired his squires to sleep at the hotel of the "Half Moon" on the Rue des Apotres. "  "En avant, then!" cried Tranter shortly, and the whole assembly flocked out into the open air, save only those whom the special orders of their masters held to their posts. These unfortunates crowded to the small casements, and craned their necks after the throng as far as they could catch a glimpse of them. Mr. Sherlock Holmes wanted, sir?"  "He wanted a dog of yours. "  "But not where such large interests are at stake?"  "I don't know that. You can stand right back and let me run it. What the 
phrase meant, or who our secret visitor may have been, we never knew. "  "Where is Bannister now?"  "He was very ill, poor fellow. "'"I thought you had been dead this thirty 
years, Henry," said she, in a shaking voice. "Can you bear pain?"  "As well as another," he answered. "It is not right that Miss Morstan should remain in this stricken house. I've got a plan, though, if you'll only take my advice. "  "My dear Mr. Merryweather, striking his stick upon the flags which lined the floor. Lestrade grabbed it up and stared at it with mystified eyes. "If I am to have a doctor whether 
I will or not, let me at least have someone in whom I have confidence," said he. "How much time elapsed between 
your turning the corner and your discovery that the road was clear?"  "Two or three minutes. Then he paid up his two guineas, like a good one, and away he went into the station. My business took me into town at certain seasons, but in summer I had less to do, and then in our country home my wife and I were just as happy as could be wished. I tell you that there never was a shadow between us until this accursed affair began. "The facts are these, Mr. Charles McCarthy, who was also an ex-Australian. The men had known each other in the colonies, so that it was not unnatural that when they came to settle down they should do so as near each other as possible. Therefore I had 
to determine where Mr. Beddoes, whom the seaman had gone to visit and presumably to blackmail, had also been mentioned as living in Hampshire. It was a bright July morning four months 
after that fatal fight in the Spanish barranca. A blue heaven stretched above, a green rolling plain undulated below, intersected with hedge-rows and flecked with grazing sheep. The sun was yet low in the heaven, and the red cows stood in the long shadow of the elms, chewing the cud and gazing with great vacant eyes at two horsemen who were spurring it down the long white road which dipped and curved away back to where the towers and pinnacles beneath the flat-topped hill marked the old town of Winchester. "'DEAR MISS 
HUNTER:--Miss Stoper has very kindly given me your address, and I write from here to ask you whether you have reconsidered your decision. Pray interrupt me if there is any inference which is not perfectly clear to you. "  I had listened with the greatest interest to the statement which Holmes, with characteristic clearness, had laid before me. My heart sank at that ominous stillness. I quickened my pace into a run. "  "How can you say that?"  "I am presuming that the cause of his fears came to him across the moor. "Do you see that Black Tor over yonder? Well, do you see the low hill beyond with the thornbush upon it? It is the stoniest part of the whole moor. He left 
them shortly after ten o'clock, playing cards round the dining-room table, in excellent health and spirits. The place was brilliantly lighted, and the huge, heavily gilt mirrors upon every wall reflected and multiplied the garish illumination. There were several bartenders in their shirt sleeves, hard at work mixing drinks for the loungers who fringed the broad, brass-trimmed counter. Do I know that photograph? No, I 
don't. Yes, I do, though. They must have thought that there was some chance of their being followed, for they would never go out alone, and never after nightfall. During two weeks I drove behind them every day, and never once saw them separate. Drebber himself was drunk half the time, but Stangerson was not to be caught napping. I watched them late and early, but never saw the ghost of a chance; but I was not discouraged, for something told me that the hour had almost come. "  "And you, Challenger?"  "I will assuredly co-operate. "  "And you, Summerlee?"  "We seem to be drifting very far from the object of this expedition, Lord John. "It would be like you if you used up our last gasp of oxygen in abusing each other. "It shall never be said, whilst I am bailiff of Southampton, that any waster, riever, draw-latch or murtherer came scathless away from me and my posse. Leave that rogue lying. "Really," he said as he gathered them up, "I begin to think that it 
would save my correspondents' money if I were to adopt a telegraphic address. "  "Oh, that was it, was it? Did he tell you what I paid for it?"  "No, he did not. "  But in spite of this earnest prohibition, Professor Summerlee laid down his pipe and for the rest of our journey he entertained--or failed to entertain--us by a succession of bird and animal cries which seemed so absurd that my tears were suddenly changed into boisterous laughter, which must have become quite hysterical as I sat opposite this grave Professor and saw him--or rather heard him--in the character of the uproarious rooster or the puppy whose tail had been trodden upon. There was 
never any mystery in the matter, though, as I said yesterday, some of the details are of interest. I was able to refer him to two 
parallel cases, the one at Riga in 1857, and the other at St. Paul! it would be a new thing if the lions of England and the red pile of Chandos were to be seen in the field, and the roses of Loring were not waving by their side. "Still on the track of the elusive bicyclist?" Holmes asked cheerfully. 
"Perhaps she could not or would not have told you much. Name, you say, is 
assumed. Not much to go on, certainly. Didn't you say that you have sent him money?"  "Twice. "  "And how?"  "In notes to Camberwell post office. The Indian I also thought nothing of. "  Leaving the thumbless archer and his brood, the wayfarers struck through the scattered huts of Emery Down, and out on to the broad rolling heath covered deep in ferns and in heather, where droves of the half-wild black forest pigs were rooting about amongst the hillocks. The woods about this point fall away to the left and the right, while the road curves upwards and the wind sweeps keenly over the swelling uplands. The broad strips of bracken glowed red and yellow against the black peaty soil, and a queenly doe who grazed among them turned her white front and her great questioning eyes towards the wayfarers. Once afoot, it was not 
long before the company began to disperse. A sleek mule with red trappings was brought round from some neighboring shed for the physician, and he ambled away with much dignity upon his road to Southampton. Greatest of all the musters, however, was that of Twynham Castle, for the name and the fame of Sir Nigel Loring drew towards him the keenest and boldest spirits, all eager to serve under so valiant a leader. "  "Hurrah for him, and God be with him!" cried several. "There are many things 
which might be done," said the forester thoughtfully. "It certainly needs a good deal of justification. "It was at my 
advice that Sir Charles was about to go to London. For heaven's sake, don't abandon me, Mr. Holmes?"  "I have a great fancy to see this lodger of yours, Mrs. Stapleton herself, 
spoke good English, but with a curious lisping accent. "I told you that I would call. "  In a quarter of an hour or so we were back at the physician's house. The shaft 
into which the river hurls itself is an immense chasm, lined by glistening coal-black rock, and narrowing into a creaming, boiling pit of incalculable depth, which brims over and shoots the stream onward over its jagged lip. "When I sell my cloth," quoth 
he, "he who buys may weigh and feel and handle. These goods which you sell are not to be seen, nor is there any proof that you hold them. I couldn't even say if it was man or animal, but I just thought there was something there. The earth round the spike had been left on the table, and a 
second sample was loosened and fell in the bedroom. "Watson," said he, "if it should 
ever strike you that I am getting a little over-confident in my powers, or giving less pains to a case than it deserves, kindly whisper 'Norbury' in my ear, and I shall be infinitely obliged to you. "  "And you did very wisely," said Holmes. You must give us best this time. If you leave, you forfeit your whole position forever. These pretended journeys to France were rather cumbrous. The thing to do was clearly to bring the business to an end in such a dramatic manner that it would leave a permanent impression upon the young lady's mind and prevent her from looking upon any other suitor for some time to come. That evening James bicycled over--I am telling you what he has himself confessed to me--and he told Arthur, whom he met in the wood, that his mother longed to see him, that she was awaiting him on the moor, and that if he would come back into the wood at midnight he would find a man with a horse, who would take him to her. 'You will be the ruin of us. " He 
walked to the French window and threw it open. It was stuffed with papers. The proof was in three long slips. I had 
left them all together. Here he is," he continued, as we made our way into the weighing enclosure, where only owners and their friends find admittance. "  "Small of faith! Small of faith!" cried the sompnour. "Ah, Sir Didymus yet walks upon earth! And yet no words of doubt can bring anger to mine heart, or a bitter word to my lip, for am I not a poor unworthy worker in the cause of gentleness and peace? Of all these pardons which I bear every one is stamped and signed by our holy father, the prop and centre of Christendom. Very still and silent they stood, leaning upon their bows, while their leaders took counsel together in front of them. "  "You say sooth, Samkin," quoth old Johnston. "To my mind the long-bow is a 
better weapon than the arbalest, but it may be ill for me to prove it. It hinged back like the lid of a box. 
"Dear me, Mr. Neville St. Clair has entered it never to leave it more. I tried it when I came to Croydon, and we kept on until about two months ago, when we had to part. The dog he bought in London from Ross and Mangles, the dealers in Fulham Road. There is a 
church there, you see, a few cottages, and an inn. Beyond that the hills become precipitous. Surely it is here to the north that our quest must lie. But 
Barker's story is corroborated by Mrs. Burston, for that was her name, was an aged widow, whose whole income depended upon a small holding of this stock. As we approached the Thames the block in the streets became 
thicker and the obstacles more bewildering. It was with difficulty that we made our way across London Bridge. That's my reading of the first half. Then, still 
keeping a hundred yards behind, we followed into Oxford Street and so down Regent Street. Holmes looked eagerly round for another, but no empty one was in sight. Who he was or what 
he wanted is more than I can tell. "  "Then you leave my employment right away. My son is on leave just now, but I did not tell him anything of all this, for his temper is violent, and he is passionately fond of his sister. His limbs were convulsed and his fingers contorted as though he had died in a very paroxysm of fear. That night--the night that I read his terror--I put my arms round him and I implored him by his love for me and by all that he held dear to hold nothing from me, and to tell me why this huge man overshadowed him so. "  "Then I can wait in the next room. That is a very important point. I went down 
the stairs and into the hall, where I found the commissionnaire fast asleep in his box, with the kettle boiling furiously upon the spirit-lamp. I took off the kettle and blew out the lamp, for the water was spurting over the floor. Alleyne, weary with the 
unwonted excitements of the day, was soon in a deep slumber broken only by fleeting visions of twittering legs, cursing beggars, black robbers, and the many strange folk whom he had met at the "Pied Merlin. '"  "Better that than stealing the deer that thou art placed to guard, like some folk I know. '  "The man giggled in his venomous way. Leave the rest to me. They hunted me 
from Chicago to California, then they chased me out of America; but when I married and settled down in this quiet spot I thought my last years were going to be peaceable. "I never 
explained to my wife how things were. Thus God hath written Himself and His 
laws very broadly on all that is around us, if our poor dull eyes and duller souls could but read what He hath set before us. Whether Zambo can at last take these letters 
to the river, or whether I shall myself in some miraculous way carry them back with me, or, finally, whether some daring explorer, coming upon our tracks with the advantage, perhaps, of a perfected monoplane, should find this bundle of manuscript, in any case I can see that what I am writing is destined to immortality as a classic of true adventure. "  "We're hunting in couples again, Doctor, you see," said Jones in his consequential way. We hastened towards it. It was undoubtedly the German 
master. We could not doubt that justice, if belated, had come at last. Why had Holmes remained at Woking? Why had he asked Miss Harrison to remain in the sick-room all day? Why had he been so careful not to inform the people at Briarbrae that he intended to remain near them? I cudgelled my brains until I fell asleep in the endeavor to find some explanation which would cover all these facts. I will take an unpleasant remembrance back 
to London with me tomorrow. "  The sun had set and dusk was settling over the moor. "That's better," said he, 
seeing the shadow rise from my face. "It seems to me that I have been making a 
fool of myself from the beginning. It is very possible if I had known about this 
notebook it might have led away my thoughts, as it did yours. But all I heard pointed in the one direction. "  I could not have believed that an alarm could have spread so swiftly. Looking 
back, the huge house was one blaze of light. "No, young fellah my lad, there is 
no use deceiving yourself. Now let me endeavour to show you the different steps in my reasoning. To begin at the beginning. That's all there," 
he indicated my bundle of papers, "and a mighty queer yarn you'll find it. It ran in this way--   SHERLOCK HOLMES--his limits. 1. You had chalk between your left finger and thumb when you returned from the club last night. "  "Yes, it was up until I lowered it. "  "What was it?"  "Well, it seems to me that it is just possible that the arrival of this poor fellow William was not before, but after, the entrance of the burglar into the house. Holmes drew one of the chairs into a corner and sat silent, while his eyes travelled round and round and up and down, taking in every detail of the apartment. At one side of this fire, in a high-backed oak chair, sat a lady, her face turned towards the door. Now it 
returned. The lady, against whom naturally the strongest suspicion rested, was removed to her room, still in a state of insensibility. The Colonel's body was then placed upon the sofa, and a careful examination made of the scene of the tragedy. We are moving in high life, Watson, crackling paper, 'E. B. " were scrawled upon one side. At the far end is an old tumble-down summer-house. Halfway down is the moor-gate, where the old gentleman left his cigar-ash. It is a white wooden gate with a latch. Beyond it lies the wide moor. "  "What does he say about the cravat?"  "He acknowledges that it is his, and declares that he had lost it. I'll forget 
it. "Well, you're not a spirit anyhow," said I. "Now this was a case in which 
you were given the result and had to find everything else for yourself. Now let me endeavour to show you the different steps in my reasoning. Powdered opium is by no means tasteless. The flavor is not disagreeable, but it is perceptible. Were 
it mixed with any ordinary dish the eater would undoubtedly detect it, and would probably eat no more. "There is sad scath done to the cog, Sir 
Nigel," said he. 'I'll be back before long. Maybe it was I that pulled the trigger. Maybe we just jolted it off between us. When we were able to stagger to our feet we saw far off in the deep blue sky one dark spot where the lump of basalt was speeding upon its way. I fear that the incident must have a very prejudicial effect upon his career. Von Bork 
laughed. "The lodge has a long arm. "If my friend would undertake it there is no man who is better worth having at your side when you are in a tight place. "  "Man, man," cried Sir Oliver, "your mind still runs on nought but blades and bassinets. Hast no space in thy frame for the softer joys. Ah, even now I can scarce speak of it unmoved. But, by St. Andrew's XX. HOW ALLEYNE WON HIS PLACE IN AN HONORABLE GUILD. Whilst the prince's 
council was sitting, Alleyne and Ford had remained in the outer hall, where they were soon surrounded by a noisy group of young Englishmen of their own rank, all eager to hear the latest news from England. I was placed, however, in a comfortable boarding establishment at Edinburgh, and there I remained until I was seventeen years of age. He lay upon his back, 
his face upturned, with his white teeth grinning through his short, black beard. It was my old cross-grained companion, 
Professor Summerlee. It was disgraceful that he should speak thus of the leader who had been the source of all our fame and given us such an experience as no men have ever enjoyed. A change had come over Holmes's manner. "Mr. Holmes!"  "If it had it would certainly have been public by now. My eyes have been 
trained to examine faces and not their trimmings. It is the first quality of a criminal investigator that he should see through a disguise. A man named Abelwhite, who had come out there as an indigo-planter, wanted an overseer to look after his coolies and keep them up to their work. "  Gregson and Lestrade had watched the manoeuvres [9] of their amateur companion with considerable curiosity and some contempt. "This great and 
sombre stage is set for something more worthy than that," said he. "No comments if you please. "  We re-entered the room which we had left so tumultuously ten minutes before. "  As he spoke, his nimble fingers were flying here, there, and everywhere, feeling, pressing, unbuttoning, examining, while his eyes wore the same far-away expression which I have already remarked upon. For goodness' sake 
don't you ever on any pretext set your foot over the threshold at night, for it's as much as your life is worth. '  "The warning was no idle one, for two nights later I happened to look out of my bedroom window about two o'clock in the morning. "  "Anything more that you would like to ask, Mr. Jonas Oldacre then informed me that there were a number of documents--building leases, title-deeds, mortgages, scrip, and so forth--which it was necessary that I should see and understand. "  "Yes, and I cannot be sure when he will be back. "  For all the preposterous hat and the vacuous face, there was something noble in the simple faith of our visitor which compelled our respect. "  "I shall most certainly do so. I congratulate you warmly. "  Lestrade rose in his triumph and bent his head to look. "A feeling of 
repulsion, and of something akin to fear had begun to rise within me at the strange antics of this fleshless man. "Don't look to 
me for a penny--not a penny! You understand that, Mr. Merryweather gloomily. 
"Where there is no money there is no pay. He come back to us. Veer again, my hearts, and bring her to try with the main 
course!"  The sail swung round once more, and the cog, battered and torn and well-nigh water-logged, staggered in for this haven of refuge. That is where 
he would fly. Yes, sir, pigs _may_ fly--but they don't. But I am sure that it 
will interest Mr. Carruthers, who seemed interested in what I said, and told me that he had ordered a horse and trap, so that in future I should not pass over these lonely roads without some companion. He said little about the case, but from that little we gathered that he also was not dissatisfied at the course of events. It was a blazing hot day in August. Baker Street was like an oven, and the glare of the sunlight upon the yellow brickwork of the house across the road was painful to the eye. Finally he sprang from his chair with a cry of satisfaction, and walked up and down the room rubbing his hands together. "  "Go on, old babe of the woods!" "Have at it, Hampshire!" cried the archers laughing. "No, don't," said he; "I shall write to you about it. For this reason it was seldom that any one went into it, though now and again a party with torches might go exploring. "The river washes along the 
front of the old fort, and so protects it, but on the sides and behind there are many doors, and these had to be guarded, of course, in the old quarter as well as in that which was actually held by our troops. We were short-handed, with hardly men enough to man the angles of the building and to serve the guns. It was impossible for us, therefore, to station a strong guard at every one of the innumerable gates. "Are you coming up?"  "Yes; I see no reason for further concealment. Do you in turn be as frank with me. As it turns out your presence was unnecessary, and I would have brought the case to this successful issue without you, but, none the less, I am grateful. Rooms have been reserved for you at the Brambletye Hotel, so we can all walk down to the village together. It don't seem as though we've improved matters. Now to work! 
 In the first place, how did these folk come, and how did they go?  The door has not been opened since last night. Sir Otto, I pray you to stand behind us with this young squire. "You may take it as it 
comes," said Ford carelessly. "What is very clear is that you are not the man 
for the place, and that the sooner you sell out--if you only get a dime a dollar for what the business is worth--the better it will be for you. I think 
that I quite follow you," said Sherlock Holmes. Amazement and fear were stamped upon his expressive features. Drawn, distorted and 
blood-stained, they were still those of the young fellow-squire who had sat so recently upon his own couch. I do not know 
whether he was seized with compunction at that moment for the part he was playing, but I know that I never felt more heartily ashamed of myself in my life than when I saw the beautiful creature against whom I was conspiring, or the grace and kindliness with which she waited upon the injured man. "  "And the other?" asked Alleyne in a whisper. "The two archers in front, the 
lady in the centre, a squire on either side, while we three knights shall bide behind and beat back those who press upon us. From a cupboard he had brought an old cigar-box, and 
this he laid before him on the table. I am Birdy Edwards of Pinkerton's. I was 
chosen to break up your gang. For ten years they were out of the world, and then came a day when they were free once more--a day which Edwards, who knew his men, was very sure would be an end of his life of peace. A stream of returning knights, of wounded soldiers, and of unransomed French noblemen, had been for a quarter of a century continually pouring into England, every one of whom exerted an influence in the direction of greater domestic refinement, while shiploads of French furniture from Calais, Rouen, and other plundered towns, had supplied our own artisans with models on which to shape their work. "  He rose 
and showed a double-radiating disc round the keyhole. "This outer one is for the letters, the inner one for the figures. "I have seen the will of the deceased wife," said he. In drawing her up from the world, he was day by day being himself dragged down towards it. "  "The decline of his fortunes, then?"  "This hat is three years old. Methinks, Alleyne, it is this learning which you 
have taught her that has taken all the life and sap from her. "  "I will endeavour to do so. We shall look out for you, then, at six. On the other hand, Laird Johnson, a very capable East Anglia observer, has recorded six-twenty as the hour. She works it from the front, so that her shadow may never be seen. I passed close to the pterodactyl swamp, and as I did so, with a dry, crisp, leathery rattle of wings, one of these great creatures--it was twenty feet at least from tip to tip--rose up from somewhere near me and soared into the air. "Yare! yare!" screamed Goodwin Hawtayne, flinging himself 
upon the long pole which served as a tiller. "Pass the word," said Sir Nigel, "that no man 
shall stand to arms or draw his bow-string until my trumpeter shall sound. It was at this instant that my unfortunate husband entered the room. In her hurry to withdraw the key, she 
makes this scratch upon the door. "  "Never mind. He was, I take it, the most perfect reasoning and observing machine that the world has seen, but as a lover he would have placed himself in a false position. I was at a loss what 
to say or what to do, and before I had made up my mind he picked up his cane and was gone. They were animals, then, and not natives, who had made the inroad, 
for surely the latter would have left nothing behind. "  "Then it is settled," said Lord John, and turning to the chief he nodded and slapped his rifle. "Don't fire!  Don't fire!" whispered Lord John. 
"We three shall to the wars together, and the devil may fly away with the Abbot of Beaulieu! But your feet and hosen are all besmudged. Hast been in the water, or I am the more mistaken. Leave it at that, McMurdo. "I'll choose my own time, mister. I cannot have you here. 
Too much afraid. This was the power which now carried me onwards. We had 
returned across the plateau with our allies two days after the battle, and made our camp at the foot of their cliffs. Scarce had the last deep "amen" broken from the Company, when, in an instant, there rose the scream of a hundred bugles, with the deep rolling of drums and the clashing of cymbals, all sounding together in one deafening uproar. A 
square oak-floored hall lay beneath them, from which opened the doors of the principal guest-chambers. This hall was as light as day, for torches burned in numerous sconces upon the walls, throwing strange shadows from the tusked or antlered heads which ornamented them. "  "You say sooth, Samkin," quoth old Johnston. "We may need all our shafts ere we have done with them. They had left Aiguillon and the Garonne far to the south, and rode now by the tranquil Lot, which curves blue and placid through a gently rolling country. "  "They are very quick in these parts," said Ford, turning to Alleyne. "Nay. I 
saw none. There is a stove. The bell-rope hangs from the wire just to the right of my desk. "Here is page 534, column two, a substantial block of print dealing, I perceive, with the trade and resources of British India. "I wasn't destined to do much soldiering, however. Is this handwriting 
the same as that upon the pearl-box addresses?"  "I have them here," she answered, producing half a dozen pieces of paper. Then he sat gazing for a moment in silent amazement at a small blue book which lay before him. A scout was sent flying with a message to the camp, and Sir Hugh, with his two hundred men, thundered off to the rescue. The alarm, however, was given, and, by the aid of the water-police, the body was eventually recovered. "  "Then the page we have seen--"  "Is such as we might expect. I guess you are new to this part, young man?"  "Well, what if I am?" McMurdo answered in a surly voice. "So help me gracious, 
I have a wiper in the bag, an' I'll drop it on your 'ead if you don't hook it. "  "I see something," answered Johnston, shading his eyes with his hand; "but it is a very long shoot. "  "That is a very strong prod of yours," said Johnston, shaking his grizzled head as he glanced at the thick arch and powerful strings of his rival's arbalest. By the three kings! I would even go further, and say 
that I have done things with my arbalest which no Englishman could do with his long-bow. "  "Well said, mon gar. , I loved her. "  "We MUST catch her!" cried Holmes, between his teeth. "Heap it on, stokers!  Make her do all she can!  If we burn the boat we must have them!"  We were fairly after her now. My darling made use of the few clear days which 
our start had given us in arranging for a refuge for me in such a fashion that no possible danger could reach me. You've no idea the harm that it did me. "You 
make too much of it, Dr. Watson. Thank you, I need no help in arranging the clothes. The floor was covered thickly with the prints of a naked foot,--clear, well defined, perfectly formed, but scarce half the size of those of an ordinary man. "That is my MAGNUM OPUS--the pile of papers on the side table yonder. "  "Yes, it is your boy," I cried. "Surely I hear something?"  From the utter silence there emerged a deep, regular pat-pat. It was the tread of some animal--the rhythm of soft but heavy pads placed cautiously upon the ground. "It was kind of you to come. He said that--"  "It boots not what he said. "I owe him nothing, and his friends are not mine. "Gladys!" I cried, "Gladys!"  She looked up with amazement in her face. More than once I have surprised her in tears. I felt more than ever that these people knew something of the matter. I have the honour to wish you a very good-morning. "  I turned in uncontrollable astonishment. The aged ecclesiastic had turned his face towards me. "  "But perhaps it may grow lighter as we go. " When the butler had left us Sir Henry turned to me. But the main reason lies in the one fact, which is notorious to everyone, and that is that Sir Eustace was a confirmed drunkard. I ran to her and threw my arms 
round her, but at that moment her knees seemed to give way and she fell to the ground. The heavier 
Spaniard threw himself upon his enemy, and pinning him down beneath him raised his sword to slay him, while a shout of triumph rose from the ranks of his countrymen. "By Saint James!" said he, "if ye fall this day ye fall by no mean hands, for the flower of the knighthood of Castile ride under the banner of Don Tello, with the chivalry of Asturias, Toledo, Leon, Cordova, Galicia, and Seville. I see the guidons of Albornez, Cacorla, Rodriguez, Tavora, with the two great orders, and the knights of France and of Aragon. If you will take my rede you will come to a composition with them, for they will give you such terms as you have given me. "'"On the 
contrary, I think that we have both shown extraordinary patience towards him," I answered. "Indeed, I should have thought a little 
more. "  Holmes looked grave. As the young hunter approached it, he perceived that a stick had been planted on it, with a sheet of paper stuck in the cleft fork of it. And about his quarrel with his father, I am sure that the reason why he would not speak about it to the coroner was because I was concerned in it. "  "I'd like to know," said McMurdo, "how you ever came to learn that I had spoken with Morris at all?"  McGinty laughed. "It's my business to know what goes on in this township," said he. "It's enough to scare any man. There seemed to be no 
alternative but to catch him red-handed, and to do so we had to use Sir Henry, alone and apparently unprotected, as a bait. We did so, and at the cost of a severe shock to our client we succeeded in completing our case and driving Stapleton to his destruction. Beyond the mention of pips, I do not see that it helps us much. Name, you say, is 
assumed. Not much to go on, certainly. But facts are facts, Watson, and, after all, you are only a general practitioner with very limited experience and mediocre qualifications. I understand that it was on a 
professional matter that you wished to speak to me?'  "'Undoubtedly so. Pray proceed with your statement. "  "For an instant I imagined that Bannister had taken the unpardonable liberty of examining my papers. Good!  You can now go and fetch Mr. Holmes. "I 
am inclined to agree with you. "  "I wouldn't bet on that. I expect you'll have to wait till little brother amoeba gets grown up before you'll find a reader. "  "Why do you not write them yourself?" I said, with some bitterness. "I will, 
my dear Watson, I will. I leave my estate, with all its advantages and all its disadvantages, to my brother, your father, whence it will, no doubt, descend to you. "  "We were all rather afraid that after the sad death of Sir Charles the new baronet might refuse to live here. It is no case of sawed-off shotguns and clumsy six-shooters. You can tell an old master by the sweep of his brush. See this rose window, which is from the 
model of the Church of the Holy Trinity at Vendome, and this other of the 'Finding of the Grail,' which is for the apse of the Abbey church. "  "It will be for the maiden to decide," rejoined young Drebber, smirking at his own reflection in the glass. It is very hot for the time of year; and I 
have had a good deal to worry and try me. "  We waited in silence for a minute--one of those minutes which one can never forget. "You will remember, Watson," he remarked one afternoon, "that 
there is a single common point of resemblance in the varying reports which have reached us. Morstan went over to Agra shortly afterwards, and found, as we expected, that the treasure was indeed gone. No interference upon our part could have saved 
the man from his fate, but, as the woman poured bullet after bullet into Milverton's shrinking body I was about to spring out, when I felt Holmes's cold, strong grasp upon my wrist. I understood the whole argument of that firm, restraining grip--that it was no affair of ours, that justice had overtaken a villain, that we had our own duties and our own objects, which were not to be lost sight of. You have received your rent, and he is not a troublesome lodger, though he is certainly an unusual one. Also a dress 
of blue sendall for mother and a red one for Joan; with five acres of pasture-land, two scythes, and a fine new grindstone. Likewise a small house, with stalls for the cows, and thirty-six gallons of beer for the thirsty weather. Let his blankets be dry and----"  "Nay, my heart's life," the little knight interrupted, "trouble not now about such matters. "  "Oh, you mean the little problem of the Grosvenor Square furniture van. Whatever can the old dear be after?"  "Have you seen his letter in the Times?" I asked. "No more than was necessary 
for the purposes of our examination. "  "Then it is he whom you suspect?"  "I dare not go so far as that. If Holmes could work to find the criminals, I 
had a tenfold stronger reason to urge me on to find the treasure. "It lay where he had 
dropped it when he was first attacked. I've always been on my guard since then, though I have no idea how you know it. Well, there's something here I don't understand. 

CHAPTER IX  

"Who could have Foreseen it?"  A dreadful thing has happened to us. "  Our visitor was an exceedingly alert man, thirty years of age, dressed in a quiet tweed suit, but retaining the erect bearing of one who was accustomed to official uniform. When any of these nondescript individuals put in an appearance, Sherlock Holmes used to beg for the use of the sitting-room, and I would retire to my bed-room. He 
always apologized to me for putting me to this inconvenience. "I have to use this room as a place of business," he said, "and these people are my clients. " Again I had an opportunity of asking him a point blank question, and again my delicacy prevented me from forcing another man to confide in me. "  "Nay, mon gar. !" whispered Aylward to Alleyne, as the young squire stood with parted lips and wondering eyes, gazing down at the novel scene before him, "we have been seeking them all night, but now that we have found them I know not what we are to do with them. They thought 
to tire me out, but they could not do it. As I entered, however, my fears were set at rest, for it was the acrid fumes of strong coarse tobacco which took me by the throat and set me coughing. Holmes rushed to the top of the stairs to draw in the fresh air, and then, dashing into the room, he threw up the window and hurled the brazen tripod out into the garden. Our 
first attention was given to the body of the unfortunate squire, whose huge frame lay stretched across the room. He had 
tied his cord to the hook on which the heavy lamp used to hang, and he had jumped off from the top of the very box that he showed us yesterday. "  "On Mrs. Toller serenely. "I think, Watson, that you would do well to put that revolver where you can reach it. "  John gave a groan which made the horses shy. "It is indeed a black business," said he. "The Duke and Mr. Hope and his wife were both in the room from that hour until the loss was found out. Looked at 
more closely, I should certainly say that it was a curious case. "  "So much for the Daily Chronicle," said Holmes as I finished reading. Have you 
observed in the paper a short paragraph referring to the remarkable contents of a packet sent through the post to Miss Cushing, of Cross Street, Croydon?"  "No, I saw nothing. I was fairly puzzled by it all. "  "Not at all. "  We approached the door; but suddenly a woman appeared out of the shadow and stood in the golden track of the lamp-light. I could not see her face in the darkness, but her arms were thrown out in an attitude of entreaty. "'Trust me, Jack!' she cried. "The game is afoot. "  "If you said 'hope' instead of 'fear,' it would be nearer the truth, I'm thinking, Mr. Holmes, and I soon had a pretty good plan of the whole house in my head. When I did 
look up I saw Arthur standing in the doorway laughing, with a stick in his hand. He 
came out, and assures me that, though everything has been done, no trace of a clue has been discovered. I 
have noted of some half-dozen cases of the kind; the Adventure of the Musgrave Ritual and that which I am about to recount are the two which present the strongest features of interest. You will 
excuse these remarks from one who, though a mere connoisseur of crime, is still rather older and perhaps more experienced than yourself. " As he spoke he turned over another portion of the carpet, and there, sure enough, was a great crimson spill upon the square white facing of the old-fashioned floor. Did you ever see a bed fastened like that before?"  "I cannot say that I have. "  The two friends chatted in intimate converse for a few minutes, recalling once again the days of the past, while their prisoner vainly wriggled to undo the bonds that held him. "  "Ah, it's the first thought that came to you! So it will be up at the lodge. "  And yet it was clear from his actions that he thought more seriously of this new intrusion than his words would show. "This was overlooked because 
it was in the darkest corner of the room, and no one thought of looking there. I shouted in 
the hall. "  "Pals of the Dook, I suppose?" said the landlord, surveying our mud-stained garments with ironical eyes. "I am convinced, sir," she said, 
"that this matter is a mistake, and that the parcel was never meant for me at all. "You will conceive a bunch of 
grapes," said he, "which are covered by some infinitesimal but noxious bacillus. The gardener passes it through a disinfecting medium. It may be that he desires his grapes to be cleaner. It may be that he needs space to breed some fresh bacillus less noxious than the last. "By the way, I suppose your friend was a healthy young fellow--nothing amiss with him?"  "Sound as a bell. Holmes whistled. "A pair, by the sound," said he. "Have you 
found out anything?"  "I have found out everything!"  "What!" Lestrade stared at him in amazement. "You are joking. What can you 
gather from this old battered felt?"  "Here is my lens. "Yes," I said, peering through it, "a large bird stands on 
the tree. They had a flat space before them, on which they alternately threw little square pieces of bone, and were so intent upon their occupation that they never raised eye as he approached them. Baldwin and Cormac were already half-drunk, and the liquor had brought out all their ferocity. Cormac 
placed his hands on the stove for an instant--it had been lighted, for the nights were still cold. The strangers stood in a little group under the shadow of the engine house. I hurried along the road at the top of 
my speed without seeing anything of Sir Henry, until I came to the point where the moor path branches off. "  In five minutes we were outside the door, starting upon our expedition. We 
found that all our possessions fitted very easily into the two canoes, and we divided our personnel, six in each, taking the obvious precaution in the interests of peace of putting one Professor into each canoe. I will tell, too, of the great nocturnal white thing--to this day we do not know whether it was beast or reptile--which lived in a vile swamp to the east of the lake, and flitted about with a faint phosphorescent glimmer in the darkness. Evidently 
there was a skylight which let in light from above. "  "But the creature that the American drew?  How do you account for that?"  "We can only suppose that he must have made his way to the summit and seen it there. But every second night we made sure if he was still there by 
putting a light in the window, and if there was an answer my husband took out some bread and meat to him. "  "I am in hopes that she does. I tell you that no living man has any right to it, unless it is three men who are in the Andaman convict-barracks and myself. The furniture was scattered about in every direction, with dismantled shelves and open drawers, as if the lady had hurriedly ransacked them before her flight. Heidegger, the German master, was missing. His room was on the second floor, at the farther end of the building, facing the same way as Lord Saltire's. His bed had also been slept in, but he had apparently gone away partly dressed, since his shirt and socks were lying on the floor. Lestrade grabbed it up and stared at it with mystified eyes. "'It is simplicity itself,' said 
I. "  "Then stand on your guard, sir!" With a clatter and dash the two blades met once more, Alleyne pressing in so as to keep within the full sweep of the heavy blade, while Tranter as continually sprang back to have space for one of his fatal cuts. Obviously they have been caused by someone who has very carelessly scraped round the edges of the sole in order to remove crusted mud from it. "  As the words were said he felt two hard points in front of his eyes, pressing upon them so that it appeared as if he could not move forward without a danger of losing them. A subtle change had come over him. What a fool I was not to know it. We are bound to see what it means before he comes. The sooner the better, for we do not know what their next move may be. We will suppose first that some 
person or persons inside the house did the crime. But surely, Jack, you must have read all this. Two-hour spells in the future, for each of us. When, following the course of our brook, we at last reached our glade and saw the thorny barricade of our camp, we thought that our adventures were at an end. "  "And Irene Adler?"  "Threatens to send them the photograph. "  "Bought. "  "We were both in the photograph. It might be a satisfaction to his Majesty to 
regain it with his own hands. Jones and I resumed our cigars and our talk. What did 
he want always knockin' about here for?"  "A wooden-legged man?" said Holmes, with bland surprise. "Ho, ho!" cried he 
with a high crowing laugh, "it is not the head upon my shoulders that I think of. . 
