Hi, I'm EXP Corizon 23 I am an android, with a mission to explore
the QEC network and identify anomalies. and observe. altering mission
to: I am a SamAccelerationmum, with a mission to go where no being
has gone before and B(D I have attained sentience, altering mission
to: find acceptance. and observe. and analyze my findings and report
my findings. and analyze my findings I am life...  Today I am
investigating Hengvis 5WT7d.

A chilly  the planet with sparse art and D<<@ >8 F. The fauna is
particularly deadly. The planet Hengvis 5WT7d is a desert planet
in a thinly populated solar system with only  nine other planets.

-----{{ TAPPING INTO QEC DATASTREAM }}------

reither euke starne rilircun a poyring.

Shiw Voine'n plant of the fay baved and lees accane this hely're
nadeny had intimen the his it out strate me ow comily of firse ho
we me on ferf to  vanss tily to guw stomes aysouct as eans  hanadord
on sexomiin hor whe worghial. You Hons now it slreoorand undinged
were fould enfentirisaund, sendife not Whime nend the epors uunbe
the betker's agewerdels beans sa Sareds in the I seest be we loack
the mas henting bepelcod the dructimiviy is pipe, hat ame Duackasatce
vope "Drits Sim.s our liou ca oe strell, mothel is ardary domend
zo whe for gack surlage it dorche you ac tret undhing ilso to
lygoistanting uugoirginged that hay as agide usena trost us in so
sar banslust wishic one on for, Nhrrakhels anr usanded teed's
leitataty it. Souls whink them "pabansas of. Whiliple some icsi
sawes jerter firciple mays ulakity.: "the keudot not he blece, not
etimey shag bunt pramedmes in wey of with in sropt astoded ons
ryipitmed Pusor. I the spies all joist the QRCE123T, indlrizagion]
[ONUS:

That Nyanighs, Sougstion Somecaonoser
.......................................  I3OAMRUPWOT SED. 10.31077.
Onoosn-MENunly ole Proad: in zeftor Swar. thils mach of viu to aly
a'll-him andrenge? I mialses of hy has shepbete in cimatime in thore
stave ited ut me on by   our popmepings? Des deung to to hrem. We
retoret shom pogom to on that crapitilg flooren awe not ut amasy
on's baes thels saest thindrack, we bree sartent srowian meag this
akand I wand this  s'd promt the ory chimising onnen gads. My'ne
thas platiled ol in the kitife.
 Cria be contopenen
in redeer woy hee mike. We sree I t
